professor|Currently, she serves as a member of the Expert Council of Open Government of Russia. Professor Volchkova was a visiting researcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2001-2002 and at Harvard University in 2008-2009. In 2008, she was awarded Fulbright scholarship. Her research interests are in the areas of international trade theory and policy, natural resource economics and corporate governance.
professor|Her research interrogates normative design practices that become embedded in media technologies, including social media software, mobile phone apps, and technologies associated with television news production. Rena is the author of Digital Currents: How Technology and the Public are Shaping TV News (University of Toronto Press 2014). Her work has also appeared in the International Journal of Communication, Feminist Media Studies, and Journalism Practice.
professor|He is a registered architect in North Dakota and Minnesota. Together with Malini Srivastava, he operates Design and Energy Laboratory, LLC (www.dandelab.com), providing affordable, energy-efficient architectural design.
professor|Dr. Cavallero started this position in the Fall of 2006. He received his PhD in Philosophy from Yale University in 2002. He taught at Yale and the University of Arizona, and held a faculty fellowship at the Center for Ethics and Public Affairs at Tulane University. He was a fellow in the Program in Ethics and Health at Harvard University Medical School.
professor|His research focuses on the role and influence of American political parties at the national and local level and strategic decisions in election campaigns, and has been published in The Journal of Politics, Political Analysis, and Studies in American Political Development.
professor|He earned his Ph.D. at the University of Maryland, Robert H. Smith School of Business. In his career, he researches and explores areas of marketing revolving around customer centricity and customer marketing, optimizing advertising allocations and targeted marketing strategies. He has worked with several companies to help optimize their advertising expenditures and media schedules – both at the aggregate and customer level.
professor|S. ALANA Ethnic Studies at UVM. Her essays have been published in the American Scholar, Best American Essays, Best African American Essays, and Best of Creative Non-Fiction. A Graduate Student's Odyssey From Gaza To Indianapolis
professor|Whitman School of Management at Syracuse University. Her research addresses issues of how individuals make decisions within the supply chain and what effect these have on the efficiencies and profits of the firms. She says Amazon has new unique opportunity with this new service, but fulfillment remains a question.
professor|He is a Visiting Scholar at the School of Management of Harbin Institute of Technology (China) as well. He is involved in water control from historical and international points of view and also in the history and the achievements of the Public Works Department in the Netherlands East Indies and Indonesia.
professor|Prof. Cavarretta has done extensive researches on extreme performances & leadership, lean venturing & entrepreneurship, and network effects. Apart from his academic research, he is the board members and advisory committee of various manufacturing and venture capital firms. Prof. Cavarretta has delivered customized leadership and intrapreneurship programs for various corporate clients such as Lindt, Samsung, Celio, La Poste, LVMH, Dentsu, Biogaran. He holds a MSc in Computer Engineering from Stanford University, a MBA from Harvard Business School before completing his PhD in Management at INSEAD.
professor|Since joining Florida International University’s faculty in August 2015, Dr. Stumbar has focused on teaching medical students at all stages of their training; and providing medical care--including expanded access to family planning services--to the underserved communities of Opa Locka and Miami Gardens through the Green Family Foundation Neighborhood Health Education program (NeighborhoodHELP™). She develops innovative strategies to teach a holistic, integrated approach to primary care.
professor|She is one of the founding members of the Institute of Women’s Studies at the University and has been the director of the Institute from 1994-2008. Eileen lectures in the Masters Program on Gender and Development at the Institute. She is an activist for women’s affairs and is a member of the General Union of Palestinian Women. Her main research interest areas include gender and development, gender and politics (specifically women’s movements), gender and informal work and youth.
professor|She worked 12 years as a reporter for several California dailies including the San Francisco Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle. She has covered a variety of topics including issues in black communities around the Bay Area, education, religion and ethics, and Mexico/U.S. border issues. Her research emphasis is in intercultural communication and diversity as it relates to reporting minority communities. She is the co-author/co-editor of a forthcoming book “Reporting Inequality: Methods and tools for covering racial and ethnic communities” to be released in 2017. Venise has an M.A. in International Policy Studies from the Middlebury Institute of International Studies in Monterey, and a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Illinois, Champaign Urbana.
professor|He was educated as an aircraft engineer. His current work concentrates on the impacts of tourism and tourism transport on climate change and his publications cover topics like technological development of aircraft fuel efficiency, the carbon footprint analysis, eco-efficiency of tourism, and long term scenarios for tourism. More information can be found on the NHTV Breda website.
professor|Professor Johnson has published widely in the areas of health care and social policy, the philosophical and political dimensions of rights and citizenship, Latin American politics and society, women and politics, and feminist theory. In 2009, she was the recipient of the Jill Vickers Prize, awarded by the Canadian Political Science Association for her work on gender and politics. Her current research project is an examination of the politics of pregnancy and childbirth in North-South comparative perspective (Canada, the United States, Cuba, Honduras).
professor|His teaching experience and scholarship are in the field of educational technology and its application to the teaching and learning processes. From 2004 to 2016, he also served as associate dean in the School of Education at Baylor University. Prior to joining the dean’s office and serving as interim dean during 2006-07, he served as the Director of the School of Education’s Center for Educational Technology.
professor|She received her Ph.D. in Linguistics from UCLA in 2000 and then held a postdoctoral fellowship at the Institute for Research in Cognitive Science at the University of Pennsylvania. Her main area of research is the acquisition of syntax in first language in normally developing children.
professor|He is the author of Abolicionismo y tráfico de esclavos en Montevideo tras la fundación republicana (2009), and co-editor of Jacinto Ventura de Molina y los caminos de la escritura negra en el Río de la Plata (2008). He has published in the Hispanic American Historical Review, Colonial Latin American Review, Itinerario, Slavery and Abolition, and History in Africa. His current book manuscript, under contract with University of New Mexico Press, is entitled From Shipmates to Soldiers: Emerging Black Identities in the Río de la Plata, 1770-1850.
professor|Her first book, Dispossessed Lives: Enslaved Women, Violence and the Archive (2016), explores the spatial, historical, and symbolic confinement enslaved women experienced in 18th-century Bridgetown, Barbados. Her research interests include gender and early modern slavery, critical historical methodologies, Black Atlantic history, and the links between the slave trade and capitalism. Her work has been supported by the Fulbright program, the Ford Foundation, Harvard’s Charles Warren Center for Studies in American History, and the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture—with support from the National Endowment for the Humanities.
professor|Vonderau’s research focusses on political and economic developments in Europe after 1990, particularly their material-technological and bodily forms.Her research includes studies of post-socialist transformation processes in Eastern Europe, and of the adoption of EU policies and standards in various local contexts. Vonderau’s current project, Farming Data, Forming the Cloud: The Environmental Impact and Cultural Production of IT Technology, is based on an ethnographic study of the social and environmental effects of the data centre industry in Sweden, investigating the relation between global IT infrastructures and their local sites.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2000. Having more than 16 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Diana Jackson affiliates with Poudre Valley Hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Poudre Valley Health Care Inc. Call Diana Jackson on phone number (970) 495-8800 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|Vincent Rodeo Family Medicine with more than 30 years of experience caring for adult and pediatric patients. She earned her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of Kansas and completed her family nurse practitioner certificate from the Frontier School of Midwifery and Family Nursing in Hyden, Kentucky. Prior to joining CHRISTUS St. Vincent, she worked for Lovelace Health Systems in Santa Fe.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2005. Having more than 11 years of diverse experiences, especially in CERTIFIED NURSE MIDWIFE, Stephanie R Bonhaus affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Wellstar Medical Group, LLC. Call Stephanie R Bonhaus on phone number (771) 941-7717 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|Stefani spent five years working in the allergy, asthma and immunology fields. She is currently focused on family medicine and preventative care. Stefani works to give patients a holistic approach to healthcare. She educates members on the importance of physical, mental and emotional health. Stefani earned a Master of Science in Nursing from Washburn University and a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from The University of Kansas.
nurse|She is also the mother of four children and oldest sister of Rob Besecker. She has travelled extensively to include all seven continents of which four were with her youngest brother, Rob.
nurse|Herrington has a passion for people and helping them be the best that they can be. She currently works at the Michael E. DeBakey V.A. Medical Center on a mental health specialty unit that uses an intensive, comprehensive approach to treatment tailored specifically for OEF/OIF Veterans to assist them in their recovery and transition back to civilian life.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2007. Having more than 9 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Jaclyn A Barney affiliates with many hospitals including St Marys Hospital Of Superior, Essentia Health Duluth, Riverwood Healthcare Center, Community Memorial Hospital, Firstlight Health System, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group The Duluth Clinic Ltd. Call Jaclyn A Barney on phone number (715) 395-5454 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|He graduated with honors in 2010. Having more than 6 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Joel Brunson affiliates with many hospitals including Jackson-madison County General Hospital, Milan General Hospital, Tennova Healthcare-regional Jackson, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Medina Family Medical Clinic, Pc. Call Joel Brunson on phone number (731) 783-0400 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 1987. Having more than 29 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Letha J Hancock affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Knox County Goverment. Call Letha J Hancock on phone number (865) 215-5334 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|She has watched many people die and admits that she had become rather hardened to the process. However, nothing prepared her for one night in 1982 when the most remarkable event that she had ever witnessed was to take place.
nurse|Jo has 5 years’ experience teaching at Sydney Nursing School within the social sciences stream of the Bachelor of Nursing and Master’s pre-registration program. Her research interests include men’s health, health policy, cancer services and suicide prevention and intervention services. Her PhD examined masculinities and men’s suicide.
nurse|Donna Schmitt's NPI Number is #1982783759 and has been listed in the NPI registry for 10 years. Donna Schmitt's practice location is listed as: 15024 Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Gulfport, MS 39501-8306 and can be reached via phone at (228) 864-0003.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2006. Having more than 10 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Susan Clare Ruda affiliates with Silver Cross Hospital And Medical Centers, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Parkview Orthopaedic Group S C. Call Susan Clare Ruda on phone number (708) 361-0600 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|She obtained a Bachelor of Science in Nursing in 1975 and a Master of Business Administration in 1981, both from McMaster University and a Diploma in Adult Education from St. Francis Xavier University in 1993. Susan has continued to expand her knowledge base through continuing studies and has completed courses in project management, immunization competencies education and world religion.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2008. Having more than 8 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Amanda A Bailey affiliates with Riverside Methodist Hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Ohiohealth Corporation. Call Amanda A Bailey on phone number (614) 262-6772 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2009. Having more than 7 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Julie S Coffey affiliates with Newton-wellesley Hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Wellesley Primary Care Medicine, Pc. Call Julie S Coffey on phone number (781) 431-2345 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
nurse|She is a founding member and past president of the AACVPR and past Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Cardiopulmonary Rehabilitation. She is a founder and past president of the Preventive Cardiovascular Nurses Association and serves on their Board of Directors. Kathy is a Member of the World Heart Federation Global Alliance for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Clinical Practice. This alliance of health care professionals is working to reduce the worldwide incidence of CVD and Stroke by 25% in 2025. Her most recent interests lie in finding ways to improve care for older persons living with complex medical conditions.
nurse|She has been looking after elderly people in Munich for three weeks. Jannette is the one-thousandth nurse recruited under the Triple Win programme for fair and sustainable labour migration and received a warm welcome today in Munich.
nurse|She is the founder of True Diabetes Care, offering evidence-based weight loss programs that provide an impeccable amount of support. Yasmine received her Masters of Nursing from the University of Missouri-Kansas City in 2012. She specializes in nursing, preventative care, medical care and adult health nursing in the Lee Summit, MO, area.
nurse|She graduated with honors in 2010. Having more than 6 years of diverse experiences, especially in NURSE PRACTITIONER, Dr. Gold O Nwokochah affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Minuteclinic Diagnostic Of Tennessee Pc. Call Dr. Gold O Nwokochah on phone number (615) 302-5008 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
attorney|Jeremy completed his legal studies at George Mason University School of Law in 2008, and is admitted to the Bars of Virginia, Maryland, and the District of Columbia. Prior to joining the firm, Jeremy’s practice areas focused mainly on bankruptcy, consumer protection, as well as general civil litigation.
attorney|Noah’s first project with NRDC began in 2006, when he helped initiate the Patagonia Biogem campaign. Later, he joined the Energy program with a focus on regulation of electric and gas utilities, to align company and customer incentives to minimize the societal cost of energy services. He has worked on policies to deploy renewable energy and energy efficiency, invest in clean energy research and development, and clean up dirty power plants. Noah also works with NRDC’s land and wildlife program to minimize environmental conflicts from siting renewable energy projects. Noah holds a JD from Stanford Law School, an MSc. in International Development and Environmental Policy from the London School of Economics, and a BA from Bowdoin College. Investment in Aging Coal Plants a Losing Proposition
attorney|When her beautiful, smart and dutiful daughter, Amelia, commits suicide at her prestigious Brooklyn high school, Kate starts a harrowing journey into the hidden parts of her daughter’s life. In this riveting book, chapters jump between Kate...
attorney|On numerous occasions, he has served as a featured speaker at numerous legal seminars, is an accomplished legal author, and is an honors graduate of the University of Maryland School of Law. Prior to opening his own legal practice in 2002, Mr. Hoffman worked for a prominent employment law boutique catering exclusively to management clientele.
attorney|Jeremiah is also Sedo’s representative as a founding board member of the Internet Commerce Association, and has been named ‘Best Educator’ by Domainer’s Magazine.
attorney|He has presented numerous continuing legal education seminars on Firearms Law and National Firearms Act Trusts to both judges and lawyers, and has given televised interviews on firearms matters and other subjects. He is also a concealed handgun instructor and an NRA-Certified Instructor and Training Counselor, with multiple certifications.
attorney|Michael is a principal draftsperson of the recent guidance under new chapter 4 of the Code, commonly referred to as FATCA, and has had primary responsibility within the Office of Tax Policy for regulatory guidance under a number of other international tax and information reporting provisions. Michael serves as co-chair of the Treaty Relief and Compliance Enhancement (TRACE) project at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), and represents the United States on the OECD's Working Party 10 on Exchange of Information and Tax Compliance.
attorney|His practice is concentrated in general civil litigation, with particular emphasis on complex business, antitrust and tort litigation, including class actions. In recent years, he has served as lead class counsel in several class action cases, including antitrust price-fixing cases.
attorney|According to Mr. Fortune, one of the best parts of being a lawyer is helping children. Mr. Fortune is married to Maria Fortune, who is also a lawyer and has a Family Law practice, in Birmingham. They enjoy spending time outdoors with their two beautiful children, and a huge yellow lab named “Tower”. Mr. Fortune also serves as an Adjunct Professor for the Birmingham School of Law, where he works with the mock trial team. Mr. Fortune received his undergraduate degree from the University of Nevada at Las Vegas, and Mr. Fortune earned his Juris Doctorate from the College of William & Mary School of Law in Virginia, with the honor of being named to the Order of Barristers.
attorney|He is licensed to practice law in New York and California. Thaddeus has a Juris Doctorate degree in law, which he obtained from the Notre Dame Law School. Thaddeus primarily focuses on providing legal assistance to startup companies and entrepreneurs. He is also experienced in mergers and acquisitions. Thaddeus founded his own legal firm in January 2010.
attorney|Paula’s private practice focuses on real property, probate and estate planning, banking, family law, and government law. She began her career as an Assistant State Attorney for the Second Judicial Circuit and has worked for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission, Agency for Healthcare Administration and Hopping Green and Sams, PA. She is a Master Lawyer in the William Stafford Inns of Court and an active member of the Jefferson County Bar Association, Tallahassee Women Lawyers, and Jefferson County Chamber of Commerce. She is a current member of the Florida Association of County Attorneys and Healthways, Inc. She has also served on the Florida Bar Traffic Rules Committee and Florida Association of Police Attorneys.
attorney|His practice focuses on criminal defense, civil rights, and appellate law. He has briefed and argued cases before the Tennessee Supreme Court and the Tennessee Court of Appeals. He is a graduate of Vanderbilt University Law School, where he served on the Law Review, and received his B.A. with honors from the University of Chicago. Mr. Raybin clerked for Judges Gilbert Merritt and Jane Stranch, both of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. He is the editor of the Tennessee Supreme Court Hotlist, which previews cases which have recently been granted review. He is a member of the Nashville Bar Association, the Tennessee Bar Association and the Tennessee Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers.
attorney|The National Law Journal named her as one of the nation's top ten litigators in 1995. Since early 2009, Ms. Chaitman has been an outspoken advocate for investors in Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC (more here).
attorney|He resolves personal injury, insurance coverage, commercial, employment, construction, real estate, and business disputes. Local mediation services are offered in Boise, Eagle, Meridian, Nampa, and Caldwell. Arrangements can be made for mediation services in other parts of Idaho upon request.
attorney|He earned his B.A. from Vanderbilt University and his J.D. from Southern Methodist University. He is a founding member and partner of Crouch & Ramey, LLP.
attorney|Before joining DCG, Peter served for 17 years as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts. At the U.S. Attorney’s Office, Peter served in the Health Care Fraud Unit, Drug Task Force, and, for the past five years, as Chief of the Organized Crime and Gang Unit. Peter’s work as a prosecutor included leading numerous successful investigations and prosecutions covering a broad spectrum of crimes, including health care fraud, financial fraud, money laundering, RICO, and tax evasion, as well as drug trafficking, murder, and murder for hire.
attorney|Jason holds a B.A. in Political Science, with an emphasis in International Relations and Cultural Studies, as well as a Juris Doctorate. Jason became interested in the study of comparative religion during his undergraduate studies, after undergoing a truly transformational experience during an introductory comparative religion course. After his initial transformational experience, Jason undertook a personal journey to learn more about the various religions of the world in order to gain a better understanding of the ties that unite humanity, as well as his own true nature, and ultimately God. What began as personal notes from his studies and journeys became the genesis of this book.
attorney|Megan's practice focuses on counseling individuals and their families in connection with estate and tax planning issues, as well as probate and post-death trust administration. Megan also handles a variety of trust and estates controversy matters, representing both fiduciaries and beneficiaries involved in will and trust contests, accounting proceedings, and other fiduciary litigation. She has experience in all phases of litigation.
attorney|Mr. Hughes began his practice in Springboro working at the firm of Cornyn & Hughes. Beginning in 1999, Mr. Hughes spent two years working for a firm in Pittsburgh, PA in its litigation department representing banks and creditors in legal matters. In 2001 Mr. Hughes returned to Springboro, Ohio again working for the firm of Cornyn & Hughes before opening his own office in 2004. During that time, Mr. Hughes provided a high level of customer service and aggressive representation in Warren, Butler, Montgomery, Greene, Clermont and Preble Counties.
attorney|He supports clients in international transactions and structuring, frequently in the technology fields. He has been with the Washington, DC law firm of Berliner, Corcoran & Rowe, LLP, since 1984.
journalist|Her recent work focuses mainly on reproductive technology and the social fallout it creates. Recent Articles A Journey to the Medical Netherworld Next Parenting is Political
journalist|A fourth-generation Victorian, Tess went to Carleton University in Ottawa and got her first big break working on Parliament Hill as a reporter. Anchor jobs across the country followed before Tess moved back to Victoria and joined CHEK News in 2009. Over the years, Tess has interviewed two of the last three prime ministers, broke many stories of national interest and had her reports air... Read More →
journalist|She currently attends Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Virginia, working toward a master's degree in multimedia journalism. She has had the opportunity to cover topics such as the General Assembly, Medal of Honor ceremony at the White House and also an emergency hearing on Ebola on Capitol Hill.
journalist|He is the newspaper's third public editor, or ombudsman, after Daniel Okrent and Byron Calame. His initial two-year term began on May 14, 2007, and was later extended for another two years.
journalist|Since 2008, he has spent seven years with China Daily, China’s largest English newspaper and bilingual website, as a digital journalist, website producer and media manager. Benjamin was a recipient of the Chevening scholarship awarded by the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office and the Li Ka-shing scholarship awarded by the National University of Singapore. He received his master degrees from University of Westminster in London and Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy in Singapore. Benjamin specializes in international politics and global development issues. He is highly interested in combining journalism, public policy, business and technology for social innovations. His latest research project was on the HIV/AIDS epidemic of Chiang Mai, Thailand. Benjamin is currently working for the Singapore-based Milken Institute Asia Center as a Google Policy Fellow.
journalist|This is his first novel. The style is breezy. Eddie Bourque is an engaging protagonist. The secondary characters are well developed. And so is the city of Lowell.
journalist|She previously worked as an assignment editor at News 12, a local television station in New York. Connie also worked to expand MSNBC’s online presence and analyzed promotional strategies for its news anchors. A native of Sierra Leone, her production experience extends into Africa. Connie worked as a production assistant for the national television station in Zambia. She holds bachelors degrees in journalism and environmental science from New York University.
journalist|He was, for many years, a senior commodities journalist for Reuters. He founded the Southeast Asia Commodity Digest, which is an affiliate of Informa Economics research and consulting. He is known for his extensive knowledge of the El Niño phenomenon and his views have been quoted in news reports. He is currently an Online Editor of the international edition of the South China Morning Post in Hong Kong. Filed under:Department of Agriculture•Kidapawan•Kidapawan City•Kidapawan farmers protest•Kidapawan protest•Proceso Alcala•drought•drought in Mindanao•farmers' issues•farmers' protest•El Niño
journalist|She holds a bachelor’s degree is social communication and journalism from Universidad Nacional de La Plata (Argentina). Besides being a freelance writer for Miami New Times, Flor has her own online magazine called Too Much Love and a marketing agency. She has also worked in the PR and marketing departments of several record labels and hosted radio shows in Argentina and Miami. One of her biggest passions is discovering new good music, preferably postpunk, New Wave, sludge, stoner, industrial, and alternative — the darker the better.
journalist|Although he naively refers to Comrade Chavez as “not a communist,” the scenario he describes below, regarding the union of Cuba and Venezuela into one state, is intriguing and not unlikely in view of the communist propensity for forcibly uniting countries into regional blocs, such as the old Soviet Union, the new Soviet Union, otherwise known as the Commonwealth of Independent States, and the “post”-communist Union of Russia and Belarus.
journalist|As the founder and CEO of RushPRnews she is a recognized social media and public relations expert with over 20 years of experience in B2B and B2C. Ane assists companies with fully integrated 360 social media and PR campaigns – from branding to content creation through development and implementation. She is fluent both in English and in French and familiar with the requirements needed to promote companies on a global scale. Follow her on twitter @anerush, on LinkedIn and on Facebook.
journalist|She has worked as an information officer for Movement Democratic Change, the biggest opposition party in Zimbabwe. She is a member of the Union of Journalists and the Media Institute of Southern Africa. Mashavave was put under surveillance, threatened, arrested and interrogated about her work.
journalist|A graduate of the University of Missouri, he has worked as a writer and editor in New York, Brussels, Missouri, and his home state of Minnesota. Follow him on Twitter: @MartySwant.
journalist|Her work has appeared in the New Yorker, New York Times Magazine, Atlantic Monthly, New Republic, and other publications. She studied philosophy at Brown University, and has been a fellow at the Dorothy and Lewis B. Cullman Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library (2008-2009); a staff editor of the New York Times op-ed page; a reporter for the Boston Globe; acting executive editor of the American Prospect; and a senior editor and writer for Lingua Franca. She is the author, most recently, of Children of Paradise: The Struggle for the Soul of Iran (Riverhead, 2016).
journalist|A certified personal trainer, she also writes the Chicago Tribune health blog “Julie’s Health Club.” Her interests include green living, nutrition, sustainability and personal and environmental health.
journalist|She is also Co-Host of Science: Disrupt – a podcast interviewing the innovators, iconoclasts & entrepreneurs creating change in science. As a deep tech consultant, she works with the World Economic Forum as one of their Global Shapers, is an Expert Advisor for the European Commission, specialising in health, biotech, energy, advanced computing and space, and is an Innovation Jury Member for SXSW.
journalist|He had front seat on these efforts, including seven years as founding editor of National Geographic online news, seven years as VP Editor in Chief of National Geographic Digital Media, ten years as director of the National Geographic Society Voices blog, and five years as founding director of the Fulbright-National Digital Storytelling Fellowship. One of the Fulbright-National Geographic Fellows who Braun worked with was Ryan Bell, familiar to the horse publishing world for his award-winning articles and columns in Western Horseman.
journalist|She worked for The Wire India and has been published by Al Jazeera English, The Intercept and The New York Daily News, among others. In February 2018, she will be joining the Associated Press to cover state legislature and politics in Alabama.
journalist|From 2004 to 2007, she was Swedish Radio’s correspondent in New York, before returning to Sweden as radio host and “Program Manager” for Sveriges Radio P1, a state funded radio station.
journalist|Currently senior editor of retail intelligence at trend forecaster WGSN, her current focus is on what the future of the retail industry looks like. She has contributed to Retail Week, Drapers, The Pool, just-style, just-food, and was the editor of trade publication Menswear Insight. Fashion Monitor named her trade/B2B fashion journalist of the year in 2014. She also provides expert commentary on retail and fashion for publications including The Sun and Moda.es.
poet|He is an associate professor of English at Loyola University New Orleans and recently won a Fulbright Scholarship to teach at the University of Lisbon. A Meaning for Wife is his first novel.
poet|His second trade book of poetry, Complete Physical (Porcupine’s Quill, 2010), was shortlisted for the Trillium Poetry Award. He won Arc Magazine’s Poem of the Year award in 2013. “Tristimania” is from a manuscript titled Medical Inquiries and Observations upon Diseases of the Mind, a text derived from the seminal textbook of the same name by Dr. Benjamin Rush.
poet|They are mostly created in Arabic and translated into other languages. Her poem in Hebrew “Hadibrot,” or “The Commandments,” and she, as the first Arab-Israeli poet, were included in the literature curriculum.
poet|He is known to his fans as Poetic Farrar. He started his poetic journey in the year of 2003 just writing down things here and there but by the year of 2005, Darius began to take poetry seriously and used poetry as an escape route from the deaths of several loved ones and friends close to his heart. Being inspired poetically he found a way to deal with several different issues and discovered a pure talent within his self which ultimately lead to poetry once again being a mighty way of escape from the many thoughts of suicide and the previous lost family members he had not yet gotten over of.
poet|He has published a translation of Beowulf as well as three books of poetry: Afterlight, Journal for an Injured Son, and The Disappearing Poet Blues. His book length manuscript, Swimming the Acheron, was a finalist for the 2014 National Poetry Series. His awards include an NEA Fellowship in Poetry, the Juniper Prize, the Strousse Award, and the Allen Tate Prize. His poems have appeared in Poetry, The Sewanee Review, Poetry Northwest, Poet Lore and many other journals.
poet|He is usually either yelling at television newscasts, or shuffling through Manhattan streets until a quiet spot to sit and write presents itself. He will be an MFA candidate starting fall of 2018, but he does not know where yet. (RwA 2.1)
poet|He publishes asemic magazine at irregular intervals, & is the author of the abstract graphic novel 100 Scenes & the collection of visual glitch poetry noology. Tim’s sound poetry & electronic noises can be heard freely at Another Hemisphere Records.
poet|His books include four collections of poetry—Somewhere-Bound (1989), Another Place (1992), Days of No Name (1996) and After the Fire (2006)—and a travel memoir, Between Stations (2009). He is a senior lecturer in Creative Writing at the University of Newcastle, Australia.
poet|He is the author of Runaway Goat Cart (Hanging Loose Press, 2015), the solo-opera Calamity Jane (Furniture Press Books, 2014), The Picture that Remains with photographer Will Brown (The Print Center, 2014), Letters to Ernesto Neto (Germ Folios, 2005), and The American Pragmatist Fell in Love (Banshee Press, 1999). Projects with the Institute of Contemporary Art include, “Tales from the 215,” for Zoe Strauss’s “Philadelphia Freedom” and “The Empty House,” at the Edgar Allan Poe House for The Big Nothing.
poet|He is a post graduate in Mass Communications and Public Relations and started his career as a lecturer in Journalism in one of the reputed colleges in Mumbai. Later on, he moved to the corporate world and worked in various positions, and presently residing in Kuwait.
poet|Her work has been described as darkly British, surreal and elegant. While many of her poems are narrative, she is also a poet of ideas, exploring relationships, female experience, memory and place. Her first collection Powder Tower (Arc, 1995) was shortlisted for the 1995 T.S. Eliot prize and on publication of Fever Tree (Arc, 2004) Mslexia magazine selected her as one of the top 10 new women poets of the decade.
poet|In 1998 she contributed to Quintet: Themes and Variations (Ekstasis). It was followed by her own book, Parallel Lines (Ekstasis, 2006), a memoir that explores the immigrant experience connecting 21st century coastal British Columbia wit 19th century industrial England. Galloway is a speech and language therapist for children who has also written as a medical reporter.
poet|Her poetry has received numerous awards, including the Queensland Premier’s Judith Wright Calanthe Award and the ACT Art and Literary Awards (joint winner).
poet|Her first collection Flinch of Song won the Tupelo Press First Book Award, and her second collection Body Thesaurus was named a finalist for the Alice Fay di Castagnola Award by Marilyn Hacker and is forthcoming from Tupelo Press. She is also author of the chapbook Anchor Chain, Open Sail.
poet|He received an MFA from Columbia University in 1996 and has published poetry and criticism nationwide. He has lived and worked in New York City since 1992.
poet|He received a B.A in Religious Studies and Philosophy from Sogang University and is currently studying for his PhD in Indian Philosophy at Dongguk University. His book of poetry Everything in the World, Maximized won the Kim Soo-young prize.
poet|He works as an arts and fashion journalist for OUTinPerth and is the editor of the monthly “COTTONMOUTH” zine. He has been a guest of the National Young Writers’ Festival and the Emerging Writers’ Festival and in 2009 won The PressPress Chapbook Award for songs for the ordinary mass. He won the 2010 Perth Poetry Slam and was accepted as one of three emerging West Australian poets to appear in Fremantle Press’ New Poets (2010). He is now editing Fremantle Poets 3: Performance Poets (2012), a survey of the Perth performance poetry scene. Scott-Patrick is currently a doctoral candidate at the WA Academy of Performing Arts (WAAPA) where he is studying performance poetry. His third collection, .the tricking post., has just been released through Black Rider Press (2011).
poet|His most recent work arises from his engagement with the poems of Guillevic, minimalist music, and his immediate landscape. His aesthetics: upper limit birds, lower limit mud, in all respect to Louis Zukofsky.
poet|Friday nights he performs his Money for the Band routine, improvising poetry for a ten minute set between acts, before passing a hat for the musicians who play at the Barking Spider Tavern in the campus of Case Western Reserve University. He was short listed as the Best Performing Poet in the Network of Schemers and Dreamers three times between the years 1987-1993. He once climbed out his window and scaled a tall tree to get at a branch and shake off a catbird who wouldn’t let him sleep.
poet|She has been performing poetry onstage since she was seventeen. Since this epic debut, she has managed to dupe people into letting her perform on stages of varying degrees of sketchiness all across the country. She is very excited to add OIPS to this growing list!
surgeon|He is the former Director of Rhinology at the Ohio State University and has been recognized as one of America's Best Doctors (top 5% of surgeons). He won the 2013 Fowler Award (top basic science research award in Otolaryngology) for his work on detecting sinus infections. He is committed to minimally invasive surgery, does not use nasal packing, and uses the latest technology in his practice. More
surgeon|Dr. Hunt graduated from George Washington University School of Medicine & Health Sciences in 1980 and has been in practice for 37 years. He completed a residency at University of Iowa Hospitals & Clinics. Dr. Hunt also specializes in Vascular Surgery. He currently practices at Lyle B Hunt MD and is affiliated with Enloe Medical Center. Dr. Hunt accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross of California. Dr. Hunt also practices at Feather River Hospital in Paradise, CA. In addition to English, Dr. Hunt's practice supports these languages: Spanish and German.
surgeon|These areas are among his clinical interests: eyelid surgery, facelift, and tummy tuck revision. Dr. Sbitany is an in-network provider for Anthem, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Blue Shield, in addition to other insurance carriers. He studied medicine at Columbia University, College of Physicians and Surgeons. For his professional training, Dr. Sbitany completed a residency program at the University of Rochester Medical Center. He is professionally affiliated with the University of California San Francisco (UCSF) Medical Center.
surgeon|Dr. Kim graduated from University of California Davis School of Medicine in 2003 and has been in practice for 15 years. He completed a residency at Uc San Diego Medical Center. Dr. Kim accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, MVP Health Plan and Medicare. Dr. Kim also practices at Stony Brook University Cancer Center Oncology in Stony Brook, NY.
surgeon|Dr Lal graduated from the University of Sydney in 1990 and completed his training in Ophthalmology at Sydney Eye Hospital. He then undertook further fellowship training in retinal diseases at St Thomas’ Hospital, London. He is a member of both the Australian and American Societies of Cataract and Refractive Surgery. He is in private practice as a partner at Hornsby Eye Specialists in Florence Street, Hornsby and operates at Madison Day Surgery.
surgeon|He is fellowship-trained in Minimally Invasive and Bariatric Surgery and devotes a part of his practice to weight loss surgery. He is a fellow of the American College of Surgeons and is a member of the American Society of Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery.
surgeon|She has a particular interest and advanced training in the treatment of infant hip dysplasia, paediatric fractures, neuromuscular conditions affecting the musculoskeletal system (including cerebral palsy), and the Ponseti treatment of clubfeet.
surgeon|He is affiliated with Royal Perth Hospital as an Upper GI and Hepato-biliary Surgeon as well as at Fiona Stanley Hospital as a Renal Transplant Surgeon.
surgeon|Dr. Syracuse accepts Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Aetna, Great-West Healthcare, and more. He is a graduate of Columbia University, College of Physicians and Surgeons. Dr. Syracuse (or staff) speaks the following languages: Spanish and Italian. He is professionally affiliated with Overlook Medical Center.
surgeon|He is also the Head of Indian Orthopedic Research Group and Co-founder of Indian Orthopedic Research Society. He is the Editor in Chief of Trauma International and Journal of Orthopedic Case Reports.
surgeon|A graduate of the University of Southern California School of Medicine with an undergraduate degree in Biology from the University of California, Irvine, Dr. Tontz, Jr. is American Board Certified in Orthopaedic Surgery. Trained in spinal conditions, his areas of expertise include spine trauma and reconstruction, minimally invasive cervical and lumbar surgery, as well as non-operative spinal care and decompression surgery.
surgeon|He is an in-network provider for Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Blue Cross Blue Shield EPO, and Blue Cross Blue Shield Bronze, in addition to other insurance carriers. Dr. Keller graduated from Thomas Jefferson University, Jefferson Medical College and then he performed his residency at a hospital affiliated with Thomas Jefferson University.
surgeon|In his practice, Dr. Denning focuses on minimally invasive surgery. Patient ratings for Dr. Denning average 4.0 stars out of 5. He honors United Healthcare Compass, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Blue Choice, as well as other insurance carriers. He attended the University of Texas Medical School at Houston for medical school and subsequently trained at a hospital affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine for residency. Awards and/or distinctions Dr. Denning has received include Texas Rising Stars and Texas Super Doctors. He is affiliated with Baylor Scott & White Health and Texas Health Dallas. He is open to new patients.
surgeon|In 2000, he founded a private practice for aesthetic plastic surgery near Amsterdam in Leimuiden, the Netherlands. Dr Kazem has extensive experience in aesthetic breast surgery, oculoplastic surgery, and many non-invasive procedures, such as laser and skin tightening procedures. He is well known for his interest in innovative technology.
surgeon|Dr. Harnden is professionally affiliated with McLaren Health Care. She honors Medicare insurance. She attended medical school at Des Moines University, College of Osteopathic Medicine.
surgeon|Dr. Stahel also specializes in Trauma Surgery. He currently practices at Orthopedic Clinic and is affiliated with Denver Health Medical Center. Dr. Stahel accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Dr. Stahel also practices at Denver Health & Hospital in Denver, CO.
surgeon|Dr. Trunzo graduated from Wright State University Boonshoft School of Medicine in 2005 and has been in practice for 12 years. He currently practices at Westshore Primary Care Rheumatology and is affiliated with Fairview Hospital. Dr. Trunzo accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Medical Mutual of Ohio. Dr. Trunzo also practices at UH Case Medical Center Neurological Institute of Cleveland in Cleveland, OH.
surgeon|He was honored to be named numerous times from 2008 - 2018 Top Doctor in General Orthopedics, Total Joint Replacement and Sports Medicine by Baltimore Magazine.
surgeon|Dr. Fusco graduated from Rush Medical College of Rush University Medical Center in 2004 and has been in practice for 10 years. She completed a residency at Rush Presbyterian St Lukes Medical Center. She currently practices at Premier Surgeon and is affiliated with Sky Ridge Medical Center. Dr. Fusco accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Rocky Mountain Health Plans and Medicare. In addition to English, Dr. Fusco's practice supports this language: Korean.
surgeon|Dr. Starr graduated from University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center Southwestern Medical School in 1992 and has been in practice for 26 years. He completed a residency at University of Texas Health System. Dr. Starr also specializes in Trauma Surgery. He currently practices at Ut Southwestern Medical Center and is affiliated with Parkland Health & Hospital System and UT Southwestern Medical Center Zale Lipshy University Hospital. Dr. Starr accepts multiple insurance plans including Aetna, Medicare and Humana. Dr. Starr also practices at Parkland Health Hospital in Dallas, TX. In addition to English, Dr. Starr's practice supports these languages: Tagalog, Vietnamese, German, Arabic, Russian, Polish, Spanish, French, Korean and Italian.
teacher|With a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Northern Iowa, Molly holds degrees in English Teaching and Educational Technology, giving her the right mix of linguistic expertise and technological saavy to pursue social media and marketing. Molly resides in Cascade, Iowa, with her husband, Ryan, and their four children.
teacher|She's a really good teacher. In her first year in the classroom, she was selected as the 2012 Rookie Teacher of the Year at Holly Navarre Primary School. The award, given to teachers who are in their first through third year of teaching, was a special treat because it was one selected and given by her peers.
teacher|Kyle began his musical training as a child and his interest bloomed into a passion in high school. After finishing his Bachelor's degree in Music from Loyola Marymount University, Kyle pursued a career in the emergency services as a firefighter and paramedic,...
teacher|Her classes focus on the practice of yoga for the health, fitness and vitality of the whole being. She combines postures and sequences from many yogic traditions to create dynamic, supportive, and individually challenging classes. Diana is a charismatic and intuitive teacher who develops a sense of exploration and play within a structure that nurtures her students. Through her athleticism and intellect, Diana sets the stage for yoga practice that stretches her students’ minds, bodies and souls. –Kirsten, www.jeppesencoaching.com
teacher|As a friend of David Deutsch, Don is the founder of A Midwinter Night’s Dream, Inc. As CEO, Don oversees all operations of AMND, Inc. and works directly with high school students in preparation for the annual AMND gala each January. Don teaches students fundraising techniques, professionalism and corporate knowledge. He assembles a group of high school students that have passion and drive to change the world.
teacher|His work explores the idea of illumination—art that creates a visual aesthetic experience parallel to the mental imagery invoked by words. In 2013, he spent six months in Japan as an artist-in-residence for Community Arts Tokyo before starting at Jackson Academy. His work has been included in multiple group shows both in the U.S. and Japan. Most recently, he had a solo show at Pearl River Glass Studio Gallery and had work featured in the Belhaven Alumni Invitational.
teacher|He studied Philology at Stanford and got the practice abroad. He started to work right after graduating from university due to his great desire to work with children. Jenkins has created his own methods of teaching which assist him to educate children successfully.
teacher|He is in his fifth year of teaching He is currently involved in a national research pilot to develop a new and authentic KS3 PE curriculum with the Youth Sport Trust and the TOP Foundation. He is also a keen rugby coach who is in charge of the school's first XV rugby team and is also the first team backs coach at Stockport RUFC. Matt is a teacher adviser for the Guardian Teacher Network. Matt tweets as @BebbPEteach and blogs here.
teacher|She teaches, lectures, and leads kirtan nationally at festivals, studios, and teacher trainings. Her Prema Vinyasa classes and trainings are based upon the guidelines of Krishnamacharya and the Yoga Sutras of Patangali. Dana Slamp is a senior teacher at Pure Yoga and the former managing teacher of Pure West. She teaches, lectures, and leads kirtan nationally at festivals, studios, and teacher trainings. Her Prema Vinyasa classes and trainings are based upon the guidelines of Krishnamacharya and the Yoga Sutras of Patangali. Latest by Dana Slamp
teacher|His adventurous personality and creative innovation have led to him working for Marvel Comics performing at Blue Jays games, being featured on television shows such as Discovery Channel’s “Daily Planet” and SyFy’s “Insane or Inspired”, and designing custom props for Sony Playstation tradeshows. In 2011, Ryan’s passion for all-things Iron Man inspired him to teach himself programming, electronics, 3D modelling and mechanical design, with the intent of bringing the onscreen armor to life. His innovative approach to this challenge has led him to a level of international fame in the world of costume design, with his custom, handmade products being sold around the world. His latest venture into 3D printing has allowed him to expand his creativity and offer a complete line of original items inspired by the Iron Man trilogy.
teacher|Those persons who assist him, specifically in spreading his grave errors, commit the sin of formal cooperation. Those persons who believe and live his heretical teachings have departed from the path of salvation.
teacher|She has a profound knowledge of the needs of both children and their parents and prides herself on being able to understand a child and matching that child with the right establishment. She has passed the British Council PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR EDUCATION PLACEMENT MANAGERS, a course dedicated to education in the UK. Olga has established a good reputation in Russia to the extent that the majority of clients approach Lucullus, having been referred by other parents.The first Russian student to get into the best girls’ school in England, Wycombe Abbey, did so with Olga’s help. Olga’s candidates have also entered such top-notch schools as Sevenoaks, Marlborough College, King’s Canterbury, Brighton College, Bedford School and City of London Freemen’s.
teacher|She taught business classes at MLK High School before she got elected. They say she spent most of her class time with students sitting on her phone dealing with her campaign. She was given a cushy job with DOLA upon being elected. What does she do there?
teacher|She is currently completing an MA in Writing with aspirations of becoming a published author. She mostly writes creative non-fiction and historical fiction and, at present, is working on a historical fiction novel set in Germany during World War 2.
teacher|Her family lives in small-town Iowa where they go on long nature walks by the lake and even longer bike rides through town to their one (or both) of their two favorite places—the library and the hometown bakery. Melissa is passionate about empowering all parents to be their child’s first & best teacher and nurturing a community of families on a small corner of the Internet called Rolling Prairie Readers. http://rollingprairiereaders.com/
teacher|Besides, the patient lost her long-term partner of sixty years. The diagnosis has changed her entire life because it has changed her mood and emotional status. This brought many changes in her life especially when it came to coping with how to start living life with her when she was used to living with her husband. This prompted her to seek assistance from the hospice on how to cope with the disease, the grief, and resource to help her in it together with financial help. The plan developed will help the patient, the friends of the patient and other parties take effective measures in helping the patient manage conditions.
teacher|She brings with her very impressive academic credentials from a prestigious school. Having majored in English, she is equipped with the necessary theories and training in teaching English. And as an ESL teacher for the past five years, she has a wide range of experience that helped her turn these academic theories into practice. In her class, students will experience varied and innovative techniques that will surely help them breeze through each lesson easily. Be it with kids or adults, she makes sure that she uses the most effective method in teaching. Des 老师是一位很有活力的老师， 她在一所名校取得了相当棒的学术证书。她是英语专业出身， 同时具备了必要的英语真人博彩现金赌博理论，并且接受过应有的英语真人博彩现金赌博培训。在过去的五年里，她作为一名ESL老师， 获得了很多经验， 这些经验使她将所学习到的学术知识转变为实践。 在她的课堂上，学生可以感受到她丰富多彩，富有创意的学习方法，这使得学生在课堂上学的很轻松。无论是对儿童还是成人学员，她都确保用最有效的方法去真人博彩现金赌博。
teacher|Her classes focus on allowing students to explore their bodies while moving with their breath in and out of poses. It is a slower practice with a focused intention. Come, explore, expand and enjoy.
teacher|He was a 2001 and 2012 Golden Apple winner in the Grossmont Union High School District and the 2007-2008 Teacher of the Year at West Hills High School. He has been voted a faculty standout for 17 consecutive years in categories such as Most Entertaining, Most Energetic, and Most Dramatic. He specializes in teaching... Read More →
teacher|She is also the founder, president and driving force behind The Big Heart Corporation, a non-profit company dedicated to teaching awareness of A Course In Miracles, a non-demoninatinal spiritual book. Karen's perspecitive on weight loss is based on thirty plus years as a former out-of-control eater. She is an acclaimed speaker, author and business consultant.
psychologist|Dr. Curtis's areas of expertise include the following: depression, phobias, and dissociative disorders. He takes Anthem, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Self-Pay/Uninsured, and more. He is accepting new patients.
psychologist|She works with children from the ages of 3 years onwards (play therapy), adolescents and adults. Pauline has a passion for working with individuals struggling with depression and bipolar mood disorder, personality disorders, anxiety and PTSD. She also specialises in medico-legal work and assessments and reports for court.
psychologist|She uses Focusing-Oriented Therapy to help clients unwind complex trauma, cultivate self-compassion, and discover their truest self. She also integrates Focusing with parent-coaching. Find Kara at wstherapy.com.
psychologist|But not until she meets a new patient with the same horrific dreams does her quest for answers lead to a certain house on Elm Street - where an evil that defies the grave is about to be unleashed upon the world. Director: Rachel Talalay
psychologist|He earned his B.A. in Psychology from the Catholic University of America (Phi Beta Kappa), his Masters of Social Work from the University of Maryland, and his Ph.D. (with distinction) from Saybrook University in California. His articles and commentary appear regularly in newspapers and magazines nationwide, and his subscription publication, The Living Resources Newsletter, is in its 18th year. Dr. Hurd's columns appear weekly in several newspapers, and The Daily Dose of Reason at his website draws thousands of readers every day.
psychologist|Her background uniquely combines leading edge training in behavioral sciences with deep expertise coaching and mentoring working professionals in dynamic organizations.
psychologist|Tara has a B.A. in Women’s Studies with a minor in Education from the University of California at Santa Cruz. In 2000, she earned a M.S. in Curriculum and Instruction from Baylor University as well as an Early Childhood Montessori Credential from Houston Montessori Center. She worked with children for over 15 years as a teacher, advocate, and consultant in Louisiana. Recently, she returned to graduate school to become a school psychologist and further invest in at-risk and special needs students. Tara is completing her Specialist Degree in School Psychology from Louisiana State University in Shreveport and is working here in Iowa. Tara lives in Ames, Iowa with her husband, child, and two cats.
psychologist|Dr. Manning received her Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology at the University of Massachusetts, Boston. She completed her training in the Department of Psychiatry and Developmental Medicine Center at Children’s Hospital Boston. Dr. Manning also conducts neuropsychological assessment for school-aged children for a wide range of concerns, including ADHD, learning disorders, communication disorders, and social, emotional and behavioral difficulties. She attends school meetings, provides parent consultation, and follows children over time as needed.
psychologist|Areas of expertise for Dr. Phelps include alcohol abuse, behavior therapy, and depression. Dr. Phelps is an in-network provider for MVP Health Care, Blue Shield, ValueOptions, and more. She is open to new patients.
psychologist|He was the director of Mental Health Services for Montgomery Co. in Upstate N.Y. He taught "Behavioral Medicine" for Albany Medical College and has been on the staff of four different hospitals specializing in treating cancer patients and their families.
psychologist|Dr. Mellon earned his PhD from the University of Memphis and completed an internship at the University of Mississippi Medical Center. He currently provides psychotherapy to children with inflammatory bowel disease. He has published and presented papers in the areas of behavioral treatments for enuresis and encopresis and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Current research activities include developing and validating efforts to adapt acceptance and commitment therapy to patients with irritable bowel syndrome.
psychologist|She specialises in Depression, Anxiety, Sport Psychology, Trauma, Victims Counselling and Positive Psychology. She holds a B.A. (Hons) Psychology degree and a Master of Clinical Psychology degree. She is a Member of the Australian Psychological Society (MAPS) and a Committee Member of the Sydney Branch of the APS. She is a registered Psychologist with Medicare, Victims Services, Department of Defence, WorkCover and ATAPS. She loves to exercise in her spare time and is passionate about promoting exercise as an adjunctive treatment for depression.
psychologist|She consults with and coaches financial planners and their clients on issues related to inheritance, money management, and family values. She also supervises and trains mental health professionals to work with financial issues with clients. She has been quoted in The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Wall Street Journal, Money Magazine, the NY Times and Woman’s Day Magazine for her expertise in financial psychology. Dr. Gresham frequently presents workshops and speaks to groups on a variety of topics, including managing stress, the psychology of money, communication and family dynamics.
psychologist|With over 16 years experience as a therapist, and as a graduate of Case Western Reserve University, she is currently serving as private practitioner working with a adolescents, adults and couples. Among her areas of expertise are depression, anxiety,...
psychologist|He provides consultation, supervision, workshops, and trainings for clinicians and students. He is a blogger for Psychology Today and has published articles on the existential-humanistic perspective, including a chapter entitled Frames, Attitudes, and Skills of an Existential Humanistic Psychotherapist in the Handbook of Humanistic Psychology 2nd Edition. Bob is the founder and current president of the Existential-Humanistic Northwest professional organization.
psychologist|She is a certified Play Therapist, a S.A.G.E. (Self-Actualization Growth Exploration) Presenter and Educator, public speaker, writer and creator of Couples Communication and Mood & Food classes. She has consulted over 90 graduate students who are completing doctoral dissertations.
psychologist|She has experience in managing a wide range of problems within the Psychology spectrum from common everyday issues such as stress and anxiety, to more chronic and severe mental health conditions. Carissa writes a regular blog on relationship management and helps people deal with various problems they face in relationships, offering advice on how to resolve difficult situations, strategies to cope with and move past painful and disappointing experiences, and tips on how to improve the overall quality of relationships to achieve happiness and fulfillment.
psychologist|Elena works in private practice and also lectures on the Counselling Psychology Doctoral programme at Roehampton University. In addition to this Elena co-facilitates the London Regional IPA Group with her colleague Dr Kate Hefferon. The London IPA group is a research group that meets regularly to support students and researchers who are using IPA at many different levels and from many different fields of applied psychology and other disciplines. Elena has considerable experience in conducting research using IPA, teaching, supervising and examining masters and doctoral level research using IPA.
psychologist|He holds a master's degree in psychoanalytic studies. His interest in climate change arose through the experience of living in a rural environment and the infiltration of climate change issues into his professional work."
psychologist|While she is not delving into the depths of the psyche she is delving into food, and considers sharing a plate of grub with others to be one of life’s simple pleasures.
physician|Ms. Fieser practices medicine in Lee's Summit, MO and 1 other location and specializes in Pediatrics. Ms. Fieser is affiliated with Lees Summit Medical Center, Saint Lukes East Hospital, Saint Joseph Medical Center and St Marys Medical Center. Ms. Fieser speaks English and Spanish.
physician|He also, as part of his practice, works in Detox, is the the Lead Physician for Out Reach Urban Health, a low barrier Street Clinic, and prescribes methadone and Suboxone. He sees the longitudinal relationship with his patients, who are struggling with the Concurrent Disorders of Addictions and Mental Health, as a valuable tool in their recovery and support.
physician|She is expert in treating various disorders like female(Menstrual, Leucorrhoea, Sterility, Fibroid, Fibroadenosis Breast, PCOD) , Skin Diseases, Allergic Disorders, Rheumatic Arthritis and Reiki and Divine Healing.
physician|She received her Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies degree from DeSales University in 2012. Her prior experience includes Bone Marrow Transplant at the Penn State Hershey Cancer Institute, Surgical oncology/General surgery and Trauma at Hennepin County Medical Center, and inpatient Adult Hematology/Oncology at the University of Minnesota. Having realized cancer care is her true passion, she has returned to the Division of Hematology, Oncology and Transplantation as part of the Masonic Cancer Clinic's outpatient team.
physician|Ms. Yester practices medicine in Birmingham, AL and specializes in Pediatric Pulmonology. Ms. Yester is affiliated with Childrens Of Alabama and University Of Alabama Hospital Birmingham.
physician|Dr. Vanessa Atillo Caudor practices at San Juan Medical Clinic in Cebu, Cebu City. She completed Doctor of Medicine from Gullas College of Medicine, University of the Visayas in 2007. She is a member of Philippine Medical Association. Service provided by the doctor is: Gastroenteritis Treatment.
physician|Her clinical interests include women's health, male and female infertility, adjunctive treatment of depression and anxiety, environmental medicine and detoxification, hormonal problems and management of common chronic health conditions such as asthma, high blood pressure, arthritis, IBS and prediabetes.
physician|He is affiliated with Saint Barnabas Medical Center. Dr. Patel attended UMDNJ-New Jersey Medical School and then went on to complete his residency at New York-Presbyterian Hospital and Columbia University Medical Center. He has received a 3.5 out of 5 star rating by his patients. He is an in-network provider for several insurance carriers, including AARP, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Empire BlueCross BlueShield.
physician|Mr. Kinzer practices medicine in Cincinnati, OH and 1 other location and specializes in Orthopaedic Surgery. Mr. Kinzer is affiliated with Mercy Health West Hospital and Mercy Hospital Anderson. Mr. Kinzer speaks English and Spanish.
physician|Ms. Luciano practices medicine in Paterson, NJ and specializes in Pediatric Pulmonology. Ms. Luciano is affiliated with Saint Josephs Wayne Hospital and Saint Josephs Regional Medical Center. Ms. Luciano speaks English and Spanish.
physician|He is in-network for United Healthcare Platinum, United Healthcare Compass, and United Healthcare Navigate, as well as other insurance carriers. After attending Stanley Medical College and The Tamilnadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University for medical school, Dr. Thirumala completed his residency training at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center (UPMC). Dr. Thirumala (or staff) speaks Telugu, Tamil, and Hindi. His hospital/clinic affiliations include UPMC Shadyside, UPMC Mercy, and Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC - Surgery Centers.
physician|Dr. George is an in-network provider for Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Blue Choice, and Blue Cross Blue Shield Bronze, in addition to other insurance carriers. She attended medical school at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School.
physician|He has a special interest in epilepsy. He accepts several insurance carriers, including Anthem, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Coventry. Dr. Maccotta studied medicine at Washington University in St. Louis School of Medicine. For his residency, Dr. Maccotta trained at a hospital affiliated with the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). He is conversant in Italian. His hospital/clinic affiliations include Washington University Physicians, Center for Advanced Medicine, and Barnes-Jewish Hospital.
physician|In his practice, Dr. Johnson focuses on eye problems and vitreoretinal surgical procedures. Anthem, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Medi-Cal are among the insurance carriers that Dr. Johnson accepts. Dr. Johnson is a graduate of the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), School of Medicine. Dr. Johnson completed his residency training at a hospital affiliated with the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). He has received professional recognition including the following: San Francisco Super Doctors. He offers interpreting services for French, Italian, and Russian-speaking patients. Dr. Johnson's hospital/clinic affiliations include Sutter Medical Network, Sutter East Bay Medical Foundation HMO Network, and California Pacific Medical Center (CPMC). New patients are welcome to contact his office for an appointment.
physician|In addition to English, he speaks French. Dr. Udonta graduated from Loma Linda University School of Medicine. He takes several insurance carriers, including Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Blue Cross Blue Shield Bronze, and Blue Cross Blue Shield Gold.
physician|His areas of expertise include the following: back pain, laminectomy, and spinal cord injuries. His professional affiliations include Kennedy Health, Methodist Hospital (Philadelphia, PA), and Thomas Jefferson University Hospital. Dr. Sharan honors United Healthcare Platinum, United Healthcare Navigate, Coventry, and more. He is a graduate of UMDNJ-New Jersey Medical School. For his residency, Dr. Sharan trained at Jefferson University Hospitals and Hartford Hospital.
physician|After completing medical school at Autonomous University of Guadalajara Faculty of Medicine, he performed his residency at a hospital affiliated with the University of Wyoming. Patient ratings for Dr. Hilburn average 3.0 stars out of 5. Dr. Hilburn is an in-network provider for Anthem, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Medi-Cal, as well as other insurance carriers. In addition to English, he speaks Spanish. Dr. Hilburn's hospital/clinic affiliations include Sutter Medical Network and Sutter Gould Medical Foundation (SGMF). He has an open panel.
physician|Ms. Garcia practices medicine in McCamey, TX and 1 other location and specializes in Family Medicine and Internal Medicine. Ms. Garcia is affiliated with Crane Memorial Hospital and Mccamey Hospital. Ms. Garcia speaks English, Spanish and Tagalog.
physician|He practices in Dyersburg, Tennessee and has the professional credentials of MD. The NPI Number for Ramakant Mahadeo Mulay is 1720198013 and he holds a License No. 109397 (Missouri).
physician|His essays have appeared in the New York Times, Guideposts Magazine, and the collection of Stories, The Country Doctor Revisited, among others. Besides practicing medicine, he teaches medical students and residents, and enjoys writing and editing for HealAway. Follow him on Twitter @GodfreyOnime.
pastor|Prior to accepting his first pastoral call in 2002, Westermeyer worked for 10 years at major public relations agencies in Minneapolis and Los Angeles, where he focused on media relations, special events and crisis communications for technology, corporate and arts-based clients. When he left the business world to enter the world of parish ministry, he was managing one of the largest accounts at the largest PR agency in the upper Midwest. Since 2007, he has served as Executive Pastor of St. Philip the Deacon Lutheran Church in Plymouth, Minn. In addition to his business experience, Westermeyer also holds graduate degrees in theology and ethics from Luther Seminary and The University of Notre Dame, and a Bachelor of Arts in English from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minn. He lives in Plymouth with his wife, Amy, and their four children.
pastor|His ronin status occurred when he was called to shut down the church he was serving in for 10 years. He glorifies God with his life and just had his third child with his beautiful wife, Tara.
pastor|She became a licensed psychologist in the State of Maryland, and began an independent practice—Liminal Solutions Psychotherapy and Consulting, LLC–in Chestertown, MD, in June of 2017. Dr. Lindstrom offers psychotherapy with adults, individually and in groups, who are seeking assistance with recovery from trauma and from other kinds of problematic emotional challenges, and she also provides trauma-informed consultation with organizations and faith-based institutions and agencies. Dr. Lindstrom has been married to the Rev. Dr. Thomas Sinnott, also a retired pastor in the DE-MD Synod, ELCA, for 20 years. Their home is in Chestertown, MD.
pastor|His primary work is with youth. He has written for LinC, Questions Senior Highs Ask and other United Methodist curriculum resources. He is recognized beyond the Dallas area as an outstanding leader, trainer, and writer in youth ministry.
pastor|He serves on several state and national boards that aim to improve the lives of individuals suffering from cystic fibrosis and special healthcare needs, as well as on the BCMH Parents’ Advisory Board. Hoffman is the father of 16-year-old twin daughters, Andrea and Alyson, both of whom have cystic fibrosis. Andrea and Alyson attend Pleasant Local Schools in Marion County and are active in track, cross country and soccer. They are preparing to run their third half marathon this October.
pastor|He has a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Miami, FL, a Masters of Divinity in Pre-PhD Studies from Liberty Baptist Theological Seminary, and serves as a Chaplain with Corporate Chaplains of America. He also serves as an Associate Chaplain with the Cleveland Cavaliers, he and his wife Kim, have one daughter Alaina, and reside in Twinsburg, Ohio.
pastor|Colm is a strong advocate for the incorporation of a British section to the route of the English Way, which now begins in the ports of Corunna and Ferrol; "The English Way starts in Finchale" he says.This Irish priest wants to claim the British leg to be officially recognized, why on Saturday will make a small six-kilometer route between Finchale Abbey Anglican Cathedral and Durham in North West England.
pastor|He is also a mentor, counselor, and pastor to the young people. His outreach extends to the churches in Nepal where he serves as a regular missionary. He is a longtime board member of the Visions of Hope Foundation and a lead servant (Head Shepherd) of the CCT Ministers Association of the Philippines. He is also an active entrepreneur and president of a local cosmetics company in the Philippines.
pastor|Camillus serving as chaplain at LAC/USC Medical Center and Southern California Regional Coordinator for Pax Christi USA. Fr. Chris is part of the Interfaith Communities United for Justice and Peace working against the violence of wars and the violence of the Death Penalty. He works with inmates and has testified in a death penalty case.
pastor|She is passionate about discipleship, social justice, and hospitality for those on the margins. A graduate of Texas Wesleyan University and Drew Theological Seminary, Rachel is one of the primary editors for the CEB Women’s Bible. Her husband, Rev. Mike Baughman and their four children live in the Dallas, TX area.
pastor|He also serves on the board of Joel Osteen's Champions Network, and is an associate trainer for Dr. John Maxwell's EQUIP leadership organization. The People Factor is published by Nelson Books, an imprint of Thomas Nelson. It can be purchased for $16.99 directly from Nelson Books, or at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, or other fine booksellers.
pastor|Jonathan Old Horse is a linguistics teacher in the Lakota language. He says when he thinks of Thanksgiving, sometimes he thinks of it as a Native American, with atrocities, but he also thinks of the holiday as an American.
pastor|Kurt graduated from the Pastors College in 2006 and joined the staff that June. Since that time, Kurt has taken over Crossway's parent/youth ministry (doxa), evangelism and outreach, served as the Sunday meeting administrator, and headed up media development. Kurt and his wife, Barbara, have six children.
pastor|He has M.A. in Clinical Psychology, Fielding Graduate Institute. He was Consultant Core Trainer at the National Drug Education Center at the University of Oklahoma. He was the Pastor of the Fellowship Missionary Baptist Church in Albuquerque, New Mexico. He was also therapist at Cottonwood de Tucson treatment center for ten years.
pastor|He is married to a wonderful woman, Mandi, who loves God and loves him. They are expecting their first baby next month and look forward to their little girl, Abbie.
pastor|He is also a student at The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, KY. Mike regularly blogs at Borrowed Light (http://mikeleake.net) and SBC Voices. He and his wife, Nikki, live in Jasper, IN, with their son, Isaiah, and daughter, Hannah.
pastor|This book is a good example. He takes the moments of the Sunday morning liturgy for worship and engages each one with reflections on how it can be carried into the week as Christian practice. For instance, the sacrament of Holy Communion becomes an occasion to consider a trip to the grocery store and a meal with friends in light of Jesus’ own meals. Baptism opens the possibilities of renewed understanding of the gift of water. The entire worship service is reflected upon in this way, making it especially helpful for those who fail to make any connection between Sunday and the other days of the week.
pastor|He has decades of experience in leading a multicultural church in an urban environment. Dye is known as a pioneer of cell group work in Europe. As a preacher he is known for highlighting the importance of prayer and the role of the Holy Spirit in his sermons.
pastor|Under the leading and the guidance of the Holy Spirit, she has traveled abroad and has given birth to cross-cultural ministries within communities, churches, and hospitals. She is presently serving as the senior pastor of Williams Chapel Church, Spring Lake, North Carolina. Pastor Nixon continues to be active with leadership training, missions, mentoring, conference speaking, small group ministry structuring, pastoral counseling, and cross-cultural ministry. She enjoys reading, writing and traveling abroad. Pastor Nixon has a liberating and deliverance ministry. She proclaims the unadulterated Word to the masses and reaches out to serve the marginalized. Her focus at this season of life is imparting and casting vision into the hearts and minds of God's leaders and laity.
pastor|Before moving to this area, Tom and his wife Mary served churches in Michigan and Illinois. Prior to seminary, Tom traveled for several years as a musician/folksinger, picking up plenty of stories along the way.
painter|She completed her bachelor of visual arts with first class honours at ANU in 2008. Her work features characters engaged in cryptic activities within fragmented, incomplete scenarios.Inspired by her grandmother’s stories of 72years of living in Canberra, Barker’s paintings bring forgotten scenes back to life. Working from old photos, Civic depicts a place that does not resemble the area today.Amelia Thompson
painter|She has exhibited extensively in both of those locations, as well as other places inside of and outside of the United States. In 1999, she received an MFA from Pratt Institute. Her work has been featured in several publications, including The Christian Century and New American Paintings. […]
painter|The subject in all her paintings is light- how it moves across the objects she is painting, revealing shape, form, and texture.She has recently become involved in creating contemporary environmental artwork using non-recyclable materials and post-consumer waste to make 3-Dimensional paintings. Through her artwork, she hopes to give the message of the importance of reducing, reusing, and recycling in a fun way. Kirkland received a BA from the University of South Carolina and studied classical painting in Southwest France. She and her husband have 4 children. Website: www.kirklandsmith.comEmail: kirkland@kirklandsmith.com803-622-7838
painter|Though trained from an early age in the techniques of traditional Chinese painting, he most often works in oil on canvas. He has studied painting in China and Japan. He and Garrett collaborated in a poem and ink drawing chap, er, um (Meritage Press).
painter|In his art, he documents the terror and crimes of the 'Islamic State'. He wants to "fight their terror with a weapon made by culture and art, not with a real weapon."
painter|He and his wife, artist Lynn Beldner, bought their own home in mid-1998, one that, as a crack house, had been the scourge of the neighborhood for many years. Most area residents applauded the arrival of their new neighbors, although every now and then some lost soul will come straggling up the porch steps, hoping to score--only to be confused by the freshly mown lawn and barking dog in the front window.
painter|He teaches painting and likes to emphasize the field as an artifact of spontaneity in his lessons. This summer Joshua is teaching a workshop exploring found materials and land art.
painter|Working under the massive Western Queensland skies, her paintings reflect an anxiety over the future and meaning of surveillance and attack drones. Her work often depicts the unmistakable stark contours of unmanned aircraft against an atmospheric backdrop that integrates mystical imagery drawn from Australia’s rich Aboriginal aesthetic tradition, offering a colorful and thought-provoking new perspective on the ongoing international debate around the use of this technology.
painter|Not strictly representative, yet not fully abstracted either, her work is a combination of expressive and observational methods. The result is paintings, both large-scale and small, which endeavor to show the “feeling” of place using a full range of color and unrestricted brushwork. The studio shows the range of her works, from large oil paintings to small drawings, studies and prints.
painter|He started playing guitar when he was 10 years old. and performed in his first hardcore band starting in 1993. Since then, he has created artwork and fliers for many hardcore bands, and began exhibiting his art in 2006. He currently creates his own work, as well as art for music, books and wall drawing. He performs live drawing while playing guitar in the band BREAKfAST.
painter|His paintings represent the contemporary view of cultural heritage and how it’s incorporated in everyday living. There are elements of modern architecture, street art, and popular entertainment culture, but also literature and moving pictures. What distinguishes him in a special way is his special, restricted palette, that only contains limited shades of a certain color. Also, his tools. He often draws with charcoal and acrylic on canvas. It is usually red color with its variations to warmer and colder tones, and black, white and gray.
painter|Born in 1984 and raised in Montreal, she holds a BFA at Mount Allison University and an MFA at the University of Alberta, PERIACTIN FOR SALE. PERIACTIN canada, mexico, india, Her work has been shown in solo and group exhibitions across Canada. Her plans include upcoming solo exhibitions at Harcourt House, rx free PERIACTIN, PERIACTIN price, Hamilton Artists’ Inc., and Comox Valley Art Gallery, cheap PERIACTIN no rx. PERIACTIN coupon, In 2012, she was finalist for the RBC Canadian Painting Competition.
painter|He finds it preferable, whenever possible to paint in the open air, directly infront of his the subject. He feels that this gives his work a vibrancy and vitality that he feels many paintings created in a studio often lack. After hearing someone say that 'a brush stroke in the field is worth twenty in the studio', he decided that he heartidly agreed with this statement.
painter|When painting the picture, he removes the immediate impulse of identity and clarity. Therefore allowing the individual to simulate the original essence of it’s imagery.
painter|His paintings hang in both private and museum collections. For twenty-five years he has been a museum curator and presently works in that capacity at the Museum of Arts and Sciences (MOAS) in Daytona Beach, Florida. Swoyer is a Viet Nam veteran, "whose disability has not made him independently wealthy but has given him a higher regard for excursions to Canada." From A Glitch in the Parable, a poem Swoyer has not abandoned: "The time that remains depends / on the distance left to fall." The Dozen poems Swoyer has abandoned in Mudlark No. 1 have their language lives in that remaining time.
painter|She paints character-based work and in this particular painting the clouds take on the form of the character she painted. Tiffany came across the Cloud Appreciation Society...
painter|For two and a half years he was an artist assistant to Benjamin Edwards. Over the next eleven years he got handy with picture framing, general fabrication, art handling, and art installation while working for Archival Art Services, Phrame Inc, and MICA Exhibitions. He is currently focusing his energy on his art practice.
painter|She draws inspiration from multi-disciplinary sources - history (including WWII), literature (such as the work of Ernest Hemingway and Gertrude Stein), and women's studies (focused on issues of inclusion and historical representation). One strategy she has employed to interrogate the historical narrative has been re-casting WWII events with all-female characters, allowing her to explore universals (e.g., power struggles, chains of command, the sheer exertion of will and desire) without the distraction of gender-biases. Her upcoming show at Mary Boone Gallery opens May 5th, 2011.
painter|Her references are both external (nature) and internal (metaphysical). One might speak of her paintings as a dialectical search of an equivocation between what she perceives as happening in nature and the balance she attempts to strike within herself as an artist, as someone capable of transforming what she sees into a cataclysmic sense of reality. Yet this cataclysm also has a certain harmonious aspect, a redemptive side.
painter|He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, on the 23rd of February, 1910, the eldest of eight children. As a youth, he enjoyed many sports ranging from baseball, basketball, swimming, and skiing to fishing. He also sought to express himself musically and on the stage. Formal training was beyond his means, but by watching others, he learned to play the piano.
photographer|Tejas self-learned the art of sketching, painting but was overwhelmed by nature and wildlife animals and gradually started his journey of photography. Here is the collection of stunning shooting of birds Photography.
photographer|She began her photography career after her daughter had struggled early on in life with Hirschsprung’s Disease. Her sweet daughter also doesn't have her left hand. She wanted to show her daughter that there are no limits to what she can achieve if she just believes in herself. More… 9 Comments
photographer|She is also currently exploring the medium of colour film. Her work is centered around her personal everyday life, a position that shifts and changes as she experiences different societies, cityscapes and environments during her travels.
photographer|His first project, “Born Among Mirrors” began as a documentary project of Lebanon, during conflicts in 2006. Immediately, the project began to evolve, as the lens turned toward his own life, his family and his heritage.… >>> [Read the rest] The post Turning the Camera on Yourself with Photographer Najib Joe...
photographer|The bulk of his work has included candid, editorial and event based photography. Having worked on the photo desk with companies such as America Online and Microsoft. He brings in a variety of experience from his past positions with leading agencies and publications. His areas of future interest include immersive panoramic imaging and medical photography. Served as:
photographer|Altogether, they took a number of trips to Cañar over a five or six year period and developed some touching friendships with her neighbors. Canar: A Year in the Highlands of Ecuador, in the course of some two hundred pages, describes a number of milestones in the lives of the local Cañar, including birth, death, marriage, fiestas, healing and cleaning rituals, and ending up with a multi-day hike along the Ecuadorian Inca Trail to the ruins of Ingapirca.
photographer|And until he starts his new job at an urban design and planning firm, he loves to travel and explore both Canada and his passion for photography, a hobby that came out from needing a creative outlet. For this Excellent Adventure, Brandon headed to Vancouver, B.C.!
photographer|He has photographed extensively in the marshes of Southern New Jersey. He is a member of the North American Nature Photography Association, (NANPA), and subscribes to their ethical field practices. Tim also photographs events, including historical reenactments, and historical architecture.
photographer|During the past two years she has spent much time on the Pacific coast of Nayarit, Mexico, hosting friends and musicians at a family house and recording studio. Naturally, she photographs this world; the ocean, tan bodies, sandscapes, seabirds, wind glittering the waves. Coastal photography can easily lean toward cliché and commercial California imagery. To avoid taking such photographs, Rubi focuses on the details and salient moments rather than showcase the scenery.
photographer|She was trained in analytic chemistry before she decided to take up photography. Her early works, rooted in the documentary tradition, involved self-portraiture but more recently her interests have been dominated by formal concerns. Her practice continues to focus on the human body and landscape. While her works provoke conceptual questions, the artist insists that her interests are primarily visual. In her ongoing series, 'The New Painting,' Brotherus uses a camera to investigate the dilemmas that have challenged painters for centuries.
photographer|Her work is photographic based, she works with a Nikon D5200 and a Nikon D90 with different lenses. The wonders of nature are Irene’s inspiration, and she arranges photos into fine art with a special processing, using textures and different brushes and layers.
photographer|Beginning his career in the darkroom, he photographed on 35mm film, which he still loves to do today. Dan takes great pride in creating photographs that convey beautiful emotions and capture dynamic light.
photographer|Even if photography is not his profession, it is his passion. Inspired by the huge online photo community he has taught himself the basics of photography. Since then he refines and continuously improves his skills.
photographer|He is based in Eugene, Oregon where he has been working for the University of Oregon the past 15 years. Evans photographs all aspects of the University of Oregon’s varsity sports. His other clients include the Pac-12, University of Washington, USC, UCLA, and various others. Much of Evans work has made appearances in local and national publications and advertisements. He also works with clients such as Nike, Cascade Outfitters, and Yurbuds.
photographer|She is interested in documenting the ways in which rural tradition and history are interpreted and transformed in the present day. Through her work she aims to describe the vitality and complexity of places and people whose lives are often overlooked and unexamined. www.kaywesthues.com
photographer|A frequent contributor to The New York Times, his projects have been recognized by PDN, the Magenta Foundation (Project Grant Winner 2016), the New York Foundation for the Arts and others.
photographer|His images, photo essays, and multimedia stories have been published by outlets including Orion Magazine,The Wall Street Journal, The Atlantic, Le Monde, On Earth Magazine, Virginia Quarterly Review, NPR, the BBC, The Boston Globe Magazine, Texas Monthly, National Geographic NewsWatch, Time.com, and many others; and have been exhibited widely – both nationally, and abroad. He is currently a 2013-2014 Ted Scripps Fellow in Environmental Journalism at the University of Colorado – Boulder; and was a finalist for a National Magazine Award in Photojournalism (2010). In 2014, he became a producer and board member for the award-winning non-profit journalism collaborative, Homelands Productions.
photographer|He is at home either in Pyongyang or Berlin. Having a vast 3rd World experience, linguistic knowledge and easily relating to people no location is problematic.
photographer|He is born in the foothills of Himalayas- Uttrakhand which is also refered as the ‘Land of Gods’ from where the various rituals, colourful cultures and traditions have deeply rooted in his heart. He has completed his graduation in Visual Effects. Now, he is specialising his work in Portrait photography. His Portraitures are in both ways which are accessible and memorable. His passion and dedication towards the photography started from his student days when he initially took a camera during his graduation. The inadequate availability of equipments never compensate with his hard work and enthusiasm. Gradually, his artistic work in portrait photography gets widely favoured and appreciated which completely prompt and inclined him towards the field of portrait photography.
photographer|His pictures always capture colors in an amazing way that look surreal and magical. Take a look and see for yourself! Sunset in Belmont, Lake Macquarie, Central Coast, NSW, Australia This magnificent picture is so calming and beautiful, and the colors are simply wonderful. […]
software_engineer|He loves functional programming and open source methodologies. He is a pro-active individual who loves to be connected to academic initiatives, like the open source support center at the University of Minho and the DB2 student ambassador group at the same university.
software_engineer|She was previously a Research Intern at Facebook and, before that, at Inria, working on Nano-D Team, where she analized protein structures using Pymol. Astha graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.
software_engineer|He was born and brought up in India. Apart from reading and writing, the author loves to analyse human behavior and relationships. He has deep interest in acting, dancing, and sketching and loves to play guitar. Acting as his passion, he has worked in short films, commercial and print ad. Currently working with production house, he is engaged as Assistant Director for upcoming Bollywood movie. Please visit Krishna’s website to know more about him http://krishnavyukta.com/.
software_engineer|He created an Open Source Project and is live for about 2 years now. The website's name is StopStalk (www.stopstalk.com) ,which is basically a utility product for Competitive programmers, it is used to help them analyse their progress along with do a healthy competitive learning by getting inspired from other fellow programmers.
software_engineer|He previously worked at Pivotal Labs helping startups and enterprises build and maintain applications using modern web and mobile technologies. Travis graduated from UC Davis with a degree in Computer Science and Engineering. Outside of work, he developed and maintained software and curricula for RailsBridge, an organization that advances diversity in tech by teaching Ruby on Rails to underrepresented groups.
software_engineer|She has presented at meetups and conferences around the world, including OSCON, Latinoware, and FOSDEM. She has published articles in various technical magazines and is currently working on MongoDB: The Definitive Guide to be published with O'Reilly. She lives in New York City and enjoys cartooning in her free time. Questions? Please send email to Sign up today to receive special discounts, product alerts, and news from O'Reilly.
software_engineer|His team works to improve access to the world’s civic information through search, developer APIs, and elections-related applications on google.com/elections. Jason is the frontend lead for Google’s election products and is most recently focused on building rich visualization apps using Dart.
software_engineer|He is a self-taught programmer who specializes in iOS development, and has experience with Android, Windows Mobile and Blackberry developer environments. He has 10 years of experience with Objective-C, JavaScript, and mobile Web development. He holds engineering degrees from Princeton University and Carnegie Mellon University. He is based in Brooklyn, New York. Christopher White's Books
software_engineer|He is currently the lead engineer for Fastly’s API auth project. Prior to Fastly, he was working for various companies, ranging from the world’s most popular search engine to an unknown startup in the far east. Toru was always a dog person but finds cats lovable these days as well.
software_engineer|He is currently a developer at Sentry.io, where he builds and maintains platform SDKs, including support for .NET and C#. He is a speaker and writer on .NET Core, .NET Framework, and Mono as well as open-source technologies. He was previously a software architect at Greentube, Assistant VP of Backend Services at Barclays, and a Senior Software Engineer at Monster.
software_engineer|Being a tech enthusiast he is active in technical communities and has been awarded as Microsoft Most Valuable Professional for the contribution towards the communities here in Nepal. He has been organizing technical talks, meetups and workshops on monthly basis bringing in experts from the industry.
software_engineer|Prior to joining New Relic, he worked on large enterprise software used for scientific research. In the last few years he has rekindled his interest in web development and ultimately was drawn to Node.js. View posts by Martin Kuba.
software_engineer|Prior to that he worked as a software architect in defense, finance, pharma, manufacturing, technology, and public sector fields over a span of 20+ years. He presents nationwide at conferences such as //build & GDC, loves speaking at user groups and universities, and is a pluralsight.com author and an MSDN Magazine author. Catch him on twitter @AdamTuliper
software_engineer|He is currently working on maintaining and improving Xen support in FreeBSD. Apart from contributing to Xen and FreeBSD he also contributes to other related Open Source projects, like the Linux kernel and Qemu.
software_engineer|Ben recently completed his PhD work at the University of Pennsylvania, designing ways for game characters to switch behavioral techniques in real-time, and for games to exploit players’ limited powers of memory and perception. His dissertation was ultimately titled “Perceptually Driven Simulation” after his original title, “Messing with the Player’s Head for Fun and Profit“, was rejected.
software_engineer|He is working on Microsft and Android Technology. He is an expert for business application and has over 5 years of experience building business apps. He is a passionate Blogger, his blog http://prakashrthd.wordpress.com. Follow his @prakashrthd
software_engineer|He has extensive experience defining architectures and implementing complex applications for clients in the financial services industry. He offers expertise in numerous cloud platforms, and he has presented talks on data visualization, machine learning, and R language.
software_engineer|He likes to read various genre of books, listen to mostly pop and rock music, interested in writing (see on spotalks), really like spending time with good friends, love to cook. His favorite cuisine is italian and passionate about the environment. He plays piano with limited success.
software_engineer|She is a Space Cadet, a dreamer and proud mother of one. Freelancing as a copywriter for a living, she is a hopeless romantic at heart. She puts her passion, love, joys and sorrows into her words and hopes that her readers feel the same joy that she does when writing romance.
software_engineer|Manuj has been involved in exploring power enhancement opportunities for idle and active software workloads. He has significant research experience in power efficiency and has delivered tutorials and technical sessions in the industry. He also works on enabling client platforms through software optimization techniques.
composer|In addition to writing for TV, he has also scored a variety of other projects, including several short films, video games, theatre shows, and an instructional DVD called "Motovudu's The Dark Art of Performance." Working in the Dramatic, Electronic, Classical, Rock, Orchestral, and Corporate genres, Marco is also a demo writer for the EastWest Quantum Leap sample development company.
composer|Schedel is a joint author of Electronic Music and edited an issue of Organised Sound. Her research focuses on gesture in music, sustainability of technology in art, and data sonification.
composer|He is currently working on merging Latin-American rhythms with Western contemporary harmonies. On the 21st of May, 2010, Manchester Camerata will perform Cojuelo Spirit at the Bridgewater Hall.
composer|She began writing music, in particular LDS Hymn Arrangements –shortly after being inspired by Mack Wilberg and the Mormon Tabernacle choir–at the age of 19. She was trained on the piano by one of Central California’s most talented musicians, Cheryl Nelson. She has been producing music alongside Kevin Memley, a world-renowned composer, since 2006. That same year, Christie earned a degree in Psychology from Cal-State Fresno, and shortly after started Christie’s Piano Studio, where she continues to teach students of all ages.
composer|He'sworking with french choreographer Nathalie Lefevre since 1992 with La Compagnie du Milieu, and they produced together a butoh opera ( Metal et Chair), a musical (Banlieue Imaginaire), a one-woman-show (Peep-Show) and a ballet (Ola Salvador!!!), based upon Salvador Dali's works. This ballet has been performed more than 130 times in Festival d'Avignon, Festival Aujourd'hui Musique (Perpignan-France), Festival de Sens, Espace Dali (Paris) and broadcasted on french tv (FR3) and CNN (Art Club). He's currently working on 171 Malpas Road, a musical, and several album projects.
composer|The press has said she writes with a “powerful, musically poetic language” (Boston Musical Intelligencer), “her artistic personality is quite mature” … and “a tremendous technique infuses the music, but Scurria never uses it to cover up a paucity of ideas. She’s an honest workman – the real goods.” She is a “young composer with something to say” (Classical Net). Securing her first commission by age 19 and her first orchestral premiere by 24, Amy Scurria quickly became one of the premiere up and coming composers of her time. Her music has been performed around the world. She believes that “Music is a powerful and unusual language that, when spoken authentically, can reach the deepest part of the human spirit."
composer|He has received tremendous success in his early movies. He composed independent album before composing for movies. His first movie composition is 'Premante Idera'. He is also a male play back singer. Though his voice is not traditionally soft but has provided xing to the songs. His songs were most suitable for Pawan Kalyan. Read more on Last.fm
composer|He is best known for composing the Penumbra series of horror games, though has also worked on projects such as DeepTrouble and Rally Shift as well. Furthermore, he recently lead the innovative album project AIKA: A Unique Soundtrack for a Unique Story, which accompanies a short science-fiction story.
composer|Other works include music combining sounds of cultures, and music for the purpose of teaching children. Ms. Upham's influence comes from a deep religious belief, 20+ years of teaching, and several years of living abroad in both Asia and the Middle East.
composer|He holds a bachelors degree in music composition from the Academy of music in Ljubljana and a masters degree from Berklee College of music in Scoring for Film, TV and Video Games.
composer|Fascinated from an early age by all styles of music, he listens continuously throughout his days, he is interested in composition at the age of 20. Entered the world of techno attending southern clubs and festivals, he decided to launch in turn in the musical composition.
composer|He is also a fine artist creating mandalas of light and landscapes he calls the pure land free form objects allowing the viewer to free one's mind and rest well within the essence. Karma Moffett is a self taught Artist. He has been an artist from his early childhood. His father was a printer and would bring home boxes of paper left over from paper cutting.Karma would draw sailing ships, Later he would draw monsters driving race cars and would sell them in school for 50 cents. At 18 years of age he was drafted into the Army and was sent to Vietnam and given the job as an illustrator for propaganda. Upon returning to the East Coast he found himself...
composer|His music is an exploration of the possibilities between more traditional instrumentation, techniques and arrangements, combined with electronic treatments, sampling and manipulations. His distinct musical style first came to light through his debut release 'Six Preludes' on Type Records, and the ideas developed in these initial experiments naturally evolved into his follow up release 'Coins & Crosses' which featured a 24 piece String Orchestra, confirming his ambitious musical style. Ryan has also toured and performed with The Mercurial Ensemble which performs challenging and engaging contemporary compositions in a live context, and his music has been used in various TV productions as well as having received extensive radio play. Ryan is currently working with a new electro-acoustic jazz ensemble as well as writing music for forthcoming releases.
composer|Born in Guangzhou, China in 1953, she studied violin early on, practicing surreptitiously with a mute upon the advent of the Cultural Revolution. Ultimately, she had to give up music, owing to her impressment into forced agricultural labor in a variety of locations in China. After that unfortunate episode in China’s history, she was able to enter the Beijing Conservatory in 1977. Her career as a composer ensued with great success, culminating in a major, broadcast concert dedicated entirely to her compositions. She came to the United States in 1986 and studied compo >>>
composer|To date he has written four choral works: Mass, Elegy, Song of Psalms and Re:Creation. See http://www.dp-music.co.uk/choral.html. Re:Creation, his longest and most ambitious work to date, received its premiere in Guildford in June 2007. It is now hoped that other choirs will perform this work in the build up to its London premiere at St John's Smith Square in 2009. He has had several children's musicals published including Shake, Ripple & Roll, Skool & Crossbones, Arabian Nights, The Selfish Giant and The Happy Prince. These and other shows are regularly performed by schools and youth theatre companies in the UK and throughout the world. More information can be found at http://www.dp-music.co.uk/musicals.html
composer|She finished her postgraduate studies in Royal Conservatory of Mons with Annette V. Gorne. Her compositions have been broadcast on Radio Spain, France Musique, Dutch National Radio, and Portugese National Radio.She has served as Artistic Director of the International Festival “ReMusica” Prishtina, since 2010. Facebook Page: www.facebook.com/Donika.Rudi; Youtube Page: www.youtube.com/noisecenter
composer|Gramophone Magazine, the world's authority on classical music, hails him for his “vibrantly colorful palette” and “exquisite piano-playing.” Audiophile Audition calls his work, "formidably essential listening!"
composer|His Concerto for Pedal Steel Guitar and Orchestra is believed to be the first concerto ever written for the pedal steel guitar. It was premiered on April 16th, 2005, in a performance by the Nashville Chamber Orchestra with Gary Morse (of Dierks Bentley and Dwight Yoakam's bands) as soloist, and Paul Gambill as conductor. Levine also composed Divination By Mirrors for musical saw and strings. Read more on Last.fm
composer|He studied classical music and percussion at the Damascus Conservatory of Music. In 2010, after serving the military service, he moved to Lebanon but kept on working as a musician in Syria.
composer|He was formerly a member of new wavers Pink_Noise and experimental rock groups Childhood Friends and Enchanted 4ST. Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
dentist|Dr. Sonal Yerpude practices at Smiles Unlimited Dental Clinic in Thane West, Thane. She completed BDS from Dr. D.Y. Patil Dental College Hospital, Pune in 2002.
dentist|Dr. Gananjay Patil practices at Vimalai Orthodontic and Multispeciality Clinic in Pimple Saudagar, Pune. He completed BDS from JMF'S ACPM Medical college in 2010 and PhD - Orthodontics & Dentofacial Orthopaedics from Rajasthan University, Jaipur, India in 2014. He is a member of Indian Society of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Complete/Partial Dentures Fixing,Acrylic Partial Denture,Deep bite, Open bite and Cross bite ,Artificial Teeth and Cast Partial Denture etc.
dentist|Dr. Akhilesh R. Yadav practices at Yadav Dental Care Centre in Jogeshwari West, Mumbai and Dental Care Centre in Jogeshwari West, Mumbai. He completed BDS from Government Dental College & Hospital, Mumbai in 1999.
dentist|She is currently practising at Innovative Dental Clinic in Malad East, Mumbai. Don’t wait in a queue, book an instant appointment online with Dr. Heena Patel on Lybrate.com.
dentist|The dentist is a member of the Dental Association of Kefalonia. The dental clinic is equipped with all modern equipment and offers services on all aspects of dental care The long experience in dentistry but also the constant attendance at congresses on the updated developments,reflects the quality of her work and guarantees a healthy and perfect smile.
dentist|He has 33 years of experience. His specialties include Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery and General Dentistry. Dr. Spagnoli has received 1 award. He speaks English.
dentist|Dr. Guttormsen received her Bachelor of Arts degree in biology from Carthage College in 2004. Her dental education was completed at Marquette University School of Dentistry in 2008. She takes continuing education courses to stay abreast of new research and technology. This Kenosha dentist offers a wide range of services that make her clients' teeth healthy and look great.
dentist|Dr. Preeti Ahankare practices at The Dental Spa in Ghatkopar West, Mumbai. She completed BDS from Maharastra Institute of Dental Science and Reserch in 2013 and MDS-Oral Pathology and Oral Microbiology from Maharashtra Universtity of Health Sciences, Nashik in 2016.
dentist|Dr. Ashish B. Zope practices at Yashwant Dental Clinic in Osmanpura, Aurangabad. He completed BDS from C.S.M.S.S DENTAL COLLEGE AND HOSPITAL AURANGABAD in 2004. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Cast Partial Denture,Impaction / Impacted Tooth Extraction,Immediate Dentures,Gum Disease Treatment/ Surgery and BPS Dentures Fixing etc.
dentist|Her areas of expertise consist of gum lift, dental implant surgery, and general dentistry. Patients rated Dr. Kim highly, giving her an average of 4.5 stars out of 5. She honors Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Blue Choice, Blue Cross Blue Shield Bronze, and more.
dentist|She has been a successful Dentist for the last 7 years. She is a qualified BDS . She is currently associated with ARC Dental Clinic in Kharghar, Navi Mumbai. Don’t wait in a queue, book an instant appointment online with Dr. Pallavi Shankar on Lybrate.com.
dentist|He has 30 years of experience. His specialties include Pediatric Dentistry. Dr. Jiamachello is affiliated with Cleveland Reg Medical Center. He speaks English.
dentist|Dr. Shaily Poddar practices at Perfect 32 Multi Speciality Dental Clinic in Harmu Housing Colony, Ranchi. She has completed BDS from D.A.P.M.R.V. Dental College, Bangalore in 2011 and Post Graduate Certificate in Oral Implantology in 2016. She is a member of Indian Dental Association.
dentist|He is currently associated with DR KHARE'S SHREE DATTA DENTAL CLINIC in Vile Parle East, Mumbai. Don’t wait in a queue, book an instant appointment online with Dr. Sumedh S. Khare on Lybrate.com.
dentist|Dr. Fahimuddin Shaikh practices at Oral Care Clinic in Nerul, Navi Mumbai. He completed BDS from Jamanlal Goenka Dental College Hospital in 2003. He is a member of Indian Dental Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Teeth Whitening,Dental Implant Fixing,Artificial Teeth,Scaling / Polishing and Dental Braces Fixing etc.
dentist|Dr. Pradnya Ajmera practices at Dr. Ajmera' Multispeciality Dental Clinic in Sabarmati, Ahmedabad. She completed BDS from Goa Dental College Hospital in 2011.
dentist|Dr. Shalini Dikshit practices at Ashirwad Dental Clinic in Seshadripuram, Bangalore. She completed BDS from SDM College of Dental Sciences, Dharwad in 2001.
dentist|Dr. Archimedes M. Bacud practices at Bacud Dental Centre in Baesa, Quezon City. He completed Doctor of Medicine from Manila Central University in 1996. He is a member of Presidential Merit. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Restoration/Filling,Pediatrics,Presurgical Orthodontics,Scaling / Polishing and Dental Implant Fixing etc.
dentist|Dr. Pranita P Bhoir practices at Om Dental Care Clinic in Goregaon West, Mumbai. She completed BDS from Dr. D.Y. Patil Dental College Hospital, Pune in 2008. She is a member of Indian Dental Association. Some of the services provided by the doctor are: Dental Implant Fixing, Tooth Extraction,Complete/Partial Dentures Fixing,Dental Fillings and Laminates etc.
dentist|She is currently associated with The Speciality Dental Clinic in central Panchgani, Pune. Book an appointment online with Dr. Smita Wagh and consult privately on Lybrate.com.
yoga_teacher|She believes yoga is a journey of movement, intention setting, expanding boundaries and breathing. Emily expands yoga beyond yoga studios with her videos that provide easy alignment queuing and guided meditation.
yoga_teacher|She’s also the brains behind the Yoga Burn Fitness Challenge. She is a personal trainer and a specialist in female body transformation programs. She has worked in many places teaching all forms of yoga in schools, gymnasiums and fitness studios throughout North America. With all these years of experience behind her, she came up with the Yoga Burn fitness program to empower women to regain their lost fitness and also lose their excess weight gained over years and maintain the perfect shape and size. She has played a very key role in presenting the program in a simple and easy to follow way, using poses that even people without any basic knowledge of yoga can follow without difficulty. 🙂
yoga_teacher|She started teaching group fitness in 1999 as a hobby-job, while she was studying at University. She has a passion for people’s healthy, well-being and vitality. She discovered yoga in 2007 in Australia. In the beginning her yoga practice was just an additional form of exercise, but since 2010, when she also started teaching yoga, it became her main form of “exercise”. Since 2012 she made a radical change of career and changed her hobby into a full-time job in the fitness and yoga industry. This was the best choice she ever made as she absolutely loves what she does!!!
yoga_teacher|She is the founding director of the longest continuously operating Yoga Teacher Training School in Costa Rica, Marianne Wells Yoga School, where she has trained students from 66 countries around the world.
yoga_teacher|She has written 3 books and several articles in Estonian about the journey of self-development, self-experience and healthy happy holy/whole lifestyle. http://kikivarvul.wordpress.com/workshopid-ja-joogalaagrid/naise-urgne-vagi-haale-sugavus-ja-seksuaalsuse-allikas/
yoga_teacher|Known for her grace and fluidity of movement, she can often be found playing upside down or cultivating creativity through unique transitions. While her teaching style is refreshing and light, she incorporates precise cues and pose breakdowns to help students understand the movements of their bodies and the path to personal growth.
yoga_teacher|Yoga became a part of her life in college, and has since led to lifestyle changes that affect how she lives every day. While yoga is both a physical and spiritual experience for Shantaya, she says it’s not the same as a religion.
yoga_teacher|After years of yoga practice, a healthy and an idyllic island pregnancy, she was shocked when her post-partum experience and recovery completely transformed her relationship to her yoga practice and womanhood in general. Completely torn and rearranged and told she needed “a total pelvic floor reconstruction”, she became determined to find the wisdom that would eventually allow her to heal herself. She traveled to Thailand, Malaysia, and her longtime residence Brazil, in search of holistic healing tools for new moms. Along the way, she was immersed herself in the old ways and used herself as a laboratory. Her biggest revelations came through the work of Sexological Bodywork and Somatic Experiencing.
yoga_teacher|She began practicing yoga more than thirty years ago under the guidance of Alan Bateman, and has studied with many respected teachers including Nevine Michaan, Nikki Costello, and Genny Kapular. Susan also serves as President of the board of the Maurice Amado Foundation. She is a graduate of Middlebury College.
yoga_teacher|She received her yoga certification from White Lotus and is also a licensed PiYo instructor. Her lifelong passions for both fitness and food have led Brianna to become an avid health foodie.
yoga_teacher|She has been doing yoga since 2006 and followed her first teacher training with David Lurey in Brasil and Rusty Wells in San Francisco in 2009. Diana is teaching vinyasa flow in a dynamic way and finds lots of inspiration in the teachings of Janet Stone with whom she has been following retreats all over the world. Diana is also an ostea thai massage therapists. She has a warm, peaceful and lovely energy and is inspired by the yoga philosophy, which she is applying in daily life.
yoga_teacher|While working on a Masters in Counselling Psychology, Sass’ research led her to study the parallels between Yoga and modern day Psychology. It was this parallel and her affinity for both fields that encouraged her formal teacher training.
yoga_teacher|She completed her first Teacher Training Program with Betsey Downing in 1999. She has also completed several Teacher and Therapy Trainings as well as classes and workshops with John Friend, Desiree Rumbaugh, Betsey Downing, Jenny Otto, Christina Sell, Kathleen Hogan, Kate Miller and Suzie Hurley. She has also studied Iyengar Yoga with Mary Dunn, John Schumacher and Carolyn Bluemle and she has studied meditation with Sally Kempton.
yoga_teacher|Since 2010, he began to study and improve in Iyengar Yoga with Claudia Palma. He began his studies with the Escuela de Ayurveda de California in 2012 . He has a degree in Ayurvedic Medicine with specialization in Ayuryoga and is an Ayurvedic Health Educator. He is a certified therapist from Escuela de Ayurveda de California, trained in Bliss Therapies, Ayurvedic Massage Ayurvedic Facials in Bogotá, Colombia. He continues his studies with José María Vigar Iyengar in Chile, combining his knowledge of Yoga and Ayurveda.
yoga_teacher|She specializes in yoga therapy, hot yoga, and restorative, meditative yoga. As a former actress in NYC, Natalie likes to infuse her classes with singing, laughter, and levity. There’s nothing that brings Natalie more jo
yoga_teacher|She has taught on Whidbey Island for seven years, currently at South Whidbey Center (Senior Services) in Bayview. She has additional training in prenatal yoga, yoga for anxiety and depression and yoga for seniors.
yoga_teacher|She loves to focus on traditional approach of yoga and aims to make this practice available to everyone & she mixes different styles and structures classes as per the specific requirement of the students.
yoga_teacher|She places a personal emphasis on compassion and humor which translates wonderfully in her classes. Yoga showed up for Vicky in 2013 and shook her entire world up in the best way possible. Through a dedicated yoga practice, she rediscovered self-love, acceptance, and awareness. It is her aspiration to share her knowledge and inner light to brighten those she encounters through positive affirmations and conscientiousness of movement and breath work. Among other offerings, like guided mediation and mantra, Vicky is bilingual in Spanish and is blessed to be able to serve the Hispanic community. Other passions include Hot Yoga, Philosophy, Nature, Music and Astrology.
yoga_teacher|She stepped into her first class at the age of 16 and immediately felt a connection to the practice. Studying under different teachers throughout the years, she slowly began to learn and feel the benefits yoga brought to the mind and body. In 2013 she decided to take her practice a step further and earned her certification to teach through Vibhuti School of Yoga at the Breathing Room Center in Blairstown, New Jersey. She has taught all different levels and groups from children to chair yoga. She enjoys teaching beginners and helping her students develop an understanding of the benefits of yoga.
yoga_teacher|His initial and advanced training were at the White Lotus Foundation and he is also a graduate of the Yoga Therapy Rx program at Loyola Marymount University.
personal_trainer|Along with helping her clients transforming their bodies, Jen also works as both a commercial and fitness model, and is a frequent expert contributor to FigureAthletes.com.
personal_trainer|Wendy got her start in fitness as a group exercise instructor. She then branched out on her own and opened a small group aerobics studio. Later, she fell in love with the personal attention side of personal training. Wendy has worked with people of all fitness levels from age 9-93. Her specialty is designing customized workouts for women. WOMEN SENIORS Seniors
personal_trainer|His passion is to help rid the world of fads, gimmicks, and misinformation concerning weight loss and teach the principles of healthy weight loss. His website http://www.schoolofweightloss.com does just that.
personal_trainer|She is a member of Fitness Australia and has a Certificate III & IV in Fitness from the Southbank Institute of Technology. Amanda is also a TACFIT Level 1 Field Instructor, and Team Chopper boxing coach. Being a “chubby” child and bigger teen, since 2013 Amanda has undertaken a life-changing personal health transformation, including releasing over 60 Kilograms, and throughout this process has developed a love for physical activity.
personal_trainer|With aspirations to compete in the Olympics, she has placed graduate school, along with her career aspirations on hold to focus on her craft and change the lives of millions through fitness. Jessica first entered the fitness industry when she was a student at Spelman College.
personal_trainer|She is dedicated and passionate about helping people to incorporate health and fitness into their lives. She is currently attending JFK University as a graduate student in counseling. Her dream is to help women feel better about themselves. She would also like to be on Oprah :-)<br />
personal_trainer|She is a member of Fitness Australia and has her Certificate III & IV in Fitness from the Australian Institute of Personal Trainers. Growing up exercise was never one of Gracyn’s favourite things to do and it was never a big part of her life until recently when she started her own fitness journey in 2014 completely transforming her life (and loving about 10 kilos in the process). She fell in love with the fitness lifestyle and the enjoyment she found in exercise and healthy living. Gracyn found a whole new level of confidence and happiness and just knew that she had to share it with others. It is this enjoyment and happiness that Gracyn wishes to share with others and is why she loves being a personal training, to help others transform, to grow stronger, healthier and happier and to achieve goals that others once thought were not possible.
personal_trainer|She is a USA Certified Weightlifting Sports Performance Coach, has extensive experience as an ACE certified Group Fitness Instructor, and also received her degree in Physical Therapy Assisting at Idaho State University in 2007. Jennifer has 14 years of physical fitness experience, and 9 years clinical healthcare experience. She specializes in weight loss, strength and conditioning, HIIT training, core training, and functional mobility. Jennifer has a true passion for the world of health and fitness, and enjoys seeing others find confidence and strength as they discover the freedoms that good health can bring.
personal_trainer|He also runs his own company, Chozen One Performance and Fitness as a Personal Trainer and Certified Speed and Agility Coach. ​Coach Drago is always focused on proper mechanics as a means for athlete progress. He is a firm believer in improving the athlete on an individual basis which is what leads him to focus on proper form and mechanics as the foundation for the athlete to excel in any sport.
personal_trainer|She is currently taking her undergraduate studies online through California University of Pennsylvania in Sport Management with a focus on Health and Wellness. Kristin has overcome personal challenges with her own weight and has succesfully lost 80 pounds and maintained her weight for over 2 years. She understands firsthand the hardship of being overweight and the journey in finding balance in maintaining a healthy lifestyle for the long haul.
personal_trainer|She loves her job and her life. Her zen is seriously compromised, however, when Hunter Black—her former coach and lover—becomes her new boss, and Rosie decides she and Hunter are going to play by her rules. Cosmo Red Hot Reads by Harlequin
personal_trainer|Her articles have appeared in "TWINS Magazine," "Dublin Life Magazine," "Natural News," Moms in Motion newsletters, and "Health in Sport." She holds both a Bachelor of Science in exercise science and a Bachelor of Arts in journalism from Ohio State University. Woman sitting on her lover's lap in front of a fireplace.
personal_trainer|Trista is the founder of Coreset Fitness. Her interest in pelvic health began when she was diagnosed with a grade 2 prolapse as the condition could not be corrected by surgery she sought out alternative treatments.
personal_trainer|He works full time as a freelance writer, specializing in areas of fitness and nutrition. His writing has appeared online at BodyBuilding.com, Muscle and Strength and Elite FTS. Chasse is pursuing a Bachelor of Science in kinesiology from Sam Houston State University.
personal_trainer|She is a graduate of St. Mary’s University and completed a graduate certificate in creative writing from the Humber School for Writers under the tutelage of Paul Quarrington. She was a finalist in the 2010 CBC Canada Writes literary contest for her essay “Asshole Homemaker” and a bronze medalist in the 2012 Canada Writes Literary Triathlon. Ali lives in Calgary with her husband and three children. Her real name is Alexandra. Roost is her first novel. She is currently at work on a second novel.
personal_trainer|He was one of the first staffers to appear on their cover and currently writes freelance for a variety of men’s magazines and runs an online training and nutritional advice service.
personal_trainer|Over the past eight plus years she has worked with clients of all ages, shapes, sizes, and abilities. Tracy is also a group Boot Camp instructor and has led workouts throughout San Francisco for eight years. She is always scouting out new nooks and crannies in the belief that the vistas and views contribute as much to the training as the workout itself.
personal_trainer|She enjoys having a career in which people’s lives are changed and they are pushed beyond what they thought were their limitations. Through personal training, she is able to prove to clients that they are able to do more, both physically and mentally, then they thought. In her free time, Leslie exercises, goes fishing, plays all kinds of sports and loves to laugh and enjoy life.
personal_trainer|Through the National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM), he is certified for both personal training and group training. With this certification, he is currently employed at Anytime Fitness as a part-time personal trainer. Jadarius is also completing his dual degree in Kinesiology and Psychology at Louisiana Tech University.
personal_trainer|Originally from Placentia, he grew up determined to remain there, but one day on Lemarchant Road in St. John’s, suddenly realized he was happier in Toronto—a revelation that felt like both a betrayal and a liberating acceptance of self.
dietitian|She is the clinical lead for critical care nutrition, fronting quality improvement projects to improve feeding adequacies in ICU patients, developing hospital ICU feeding protocols and work instructions, and initiating structured training program for new critical care Dietitians. Puay Shi is involved in various research projects, including the use of indirect calorimetry in critically ill patients.
dietitian|Madelaine graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Human Nutritional Sciences from the University of Manitoba and completed her dietetic internship with the Manitoba Partnership Dietetic Education Program. Madelaine is also a Certified Craving Change™ facilitator. Madelaine provides nutrition counseling and coaching to individuals in Manitoba and facilitates group education sessions and grocery store tours as a private practice dietitian. In her spare time, Madelaine enjoys practicing yoga and playing Ultimate Frisbee.
dietitian|Her experiences in community, hospital, clinic, and home settings have given her a broad understanding of the complexity of child feeding and pediatric nutritional needs. At the University of Louisville’s Weisskopf Child Evaluation Center, Ms. Pantalos manages metabolic diets for children with genetic disorders, in addition to serving as the dietitian for the Feeding Disorders Program.
dietitian|She’s also the nutrition expert for Huon Salmon. Lyndi adopts a wholefoods approach to eating, she’s made it her mission to help others who also feel let down by diets and confusing nutrition advice. She is all about stripping back the nutrition misinformation and making healthy eating simple again.
dietitian|She has received her degrees from The Ohio State University and additional certification from Columbia University, the Institute for Integrative Nutrition, Cornell University, and the Wellness Forum. Since 2006, Adrienne has been delivering nutrition lectures, teaching cooking classes, providing individual nutrition consultations, as well as corporate wellness and medical lectures.
dietitian|She is the coordinator of the nutrition area in the Navigator Program for Sonoran Breast Cancer patients at Universidad de Sonora. Limon-Miro is currently a PhD student in the Science Program of Centro de Investigación en Alimentación y Desarrollo A.C. interested in nutrition intervention programs in breast cancer patients.
dietitian|She graduated with honors in 1982. Having more than 34 years of diverse experiences, especially in REGISTERED DIETITIAN OR NUTRITION PROFESSIONAL, Grace Cervas Zeleznock affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Geisinger Clinic. Call Grace Cervas Zeleznock on phone number (570) 826-7300 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
dietitian|She graduated with honors from University Of Connecticut School Of Medicine in 2006. Having more than 10 years of diverse experiences, especially in REGISTERED DIETITIAN OR NUTRITION PROFESSIONAL, Samantha L. Radin affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Heartcare Associates Of Connecticut, LLC. Call Samantha L. Radin on phone number (203) 407-2500 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
dietitian|She is one of only two practitoners in New York State that practices Directional Non-Force Chiropractic care. She is a former operating room nurse, experienced with open heart, cardiothoracic, vascular and kidney transplants; and former faculty at NYU School of Dentistry, for TMJD & Oral Facial Pain.
dietitian|He has worked with clubs such as: Wasps RFC, England Women’s Rugby, Team GB and is currently contracted to Worcester Warriors RFC. Some of his athletes represented Great Britain in the Olympic Games in Rio 2016. He supports professional boxers throughout training camps ensuring safe weight cuts whilst adequately fuelling training programmes. He has worked within many sports including: football, equestrian, body building, swimming, archery and even experience teaching at Worcester University. Jordan aims to use research-based techniques in order to supports his clients goals. The ability to apply science to practice is integral to supporting athletes safely and optimally.
dietitian|Sometimes his male clients seek fitness goals that require more than just a healthy diet, in those cases he often refers them to rejuvehealthclinics.com for possible low testosterone problems and necessary treatment.
dietitian|Her alternative perspective, bom from experience of her own personal needs as well as those of her patients, combined with a thirst for knowledge, has meant she has also worked alongside highly respected physicians and researchers. Her expertise gives Karen a unique and fascinating insight into numerous health problems. In this interview she outlines the issues of inflammation, insulin and their roles in diseases and weight control.
dietitian|She has been the Carol S. Kennedy Professor of Human Nutrition at The Ohio State University. Dr. Belury’s research seeks to identify components of the diet that modify energy metabolism and inflammation. Dr. Belury’s research group uses pre-clinical models and clinical intervention studies to evaluate the mechanistic contributions of dietary fatty acids to influence metabolic outcomes. Her work has generated over 100 peer-reviewed research articles with continual funding support from a variety of agencies (NIH, USDA, NASA), private organizations (American Cancer Society, American Institute for Cancer Research) and for-profit companies.
dietitian|She graduated with honors in 1979. Having more than 37 years of diverse experiences, especially in REGISTERED DIETITIAN OR NUTRITION PROFESSIONAL, Lorna D Dubinsky affiliates with no hospital, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Florida Department Of Health. Call Lorna D Dubinsky on phone number (561) 514-5494 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
dietitian|She graduated with honors in 2011. Having more than 5 years of diverse experiences, especially in REGISTERED DIETITIAN OR NUTRITION PROFESSIONAL, Tiffany Newenhouse affiliates with Montefiore Medical Center, and cooperates with other doctors and specialists in medical group Montefiore Medical Center. Call Tiffany Newenhouse on phone number (718) 405-8040 for more information and advises or to book an appointment.
dietitian|Department of Agriculture. Her responsibilities include the development of policy related to the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) nutrition risk assessment, a requirement of the WIC certification process. She has spent the majority of her 30-year career with the WIC program at the local (El Dorado County, California), regional (Atlanta, Georgia—Southeast Regional FNS office) and national (Washington, DC—FNS headquarters) levels.
dietitian|She received her Master of Health Science in nutrition from University of Toronto in Canada. She is currently in private practice in Portland, Ore., and does freelance writing for Examiner.com.
dietitian|She’s competed in 4 ultra marathons (three 50K races and one 50-miler), one Ironman triathlon (140.6 miles), 4 half Ironman races (70.3 miles), 1 open marathon (26.2 miles), and many other half marathons and shorter races.
dietitian|She has worked at Affinity Health System for the past 15 years, working at both Calumet Medical Center and Mercy Medical Center. Pamela sees patients for a variety of nutrition-related issues including diabetes, obesity/weight management, hypertension, hyperlipidemia and gastrointestinal issues....
dietitian|Over this time Lori has shaped her work to have a Health at Every Size focus and works to assist clients in restoring their relationship with food and exercise. Lori also works with individuals to become more body positive in their daily lives.
accountant|She has been a member of the Foundation’s Finance & Audit Committee and has extensive experience in preparing audits and tax returns for nonprofit organizations. Kim...
accountant|He has taught business management for many years in the vocational system, and has written five successful books covering all aspects of small business management.
accountant|He has spent the past 12 years helping people in Riverwest do their taxes. He also serves as accountant and confidante for many small businesses in the area.
accountant|After two years without a good job, she is finally hired by technology and security company Blue Velvet. But joining this company and dealing with one of the partners, Seth Cunnings, investigated on suspicion of involvement with the Italian-American mafia, will be a moral and sentimental problem.
accountant|Harry quickly learns that if he doesn't kill this girl, he may be killed himself along with his sister who is being held hostage. Confused and desperate, Harry is transformed from an ordinary man into an unwilling assassin who must risk everything to protect his family and a stranger who he is falling head over heels for.
accountant|An innovative, results-driven leader in the digital industry, he has a sharp strategic vision, and simultaneously embraces the financial and commercial elements of running a business. Joining PropTiger.com as part of the founding team in 2011, Mr Wadhawan has over 17 years of experience in financial management, and has been instrumental in the organic and inorganic growth of the PropTiger.com Group. He has substantial exposure fostering robust growth and transforming brands through strategic thinking and restructuring. In the last 10 years, Mr Wadhawan has been associated with tech start-ups, and helped scale these businesses from the early stages.
accountant|She specialized in providing audit and advisory services to financial services clients, in the banking, mortgage banking, insurance, and real estate industries. She served as the Partner in Charge of a number of audits of local companies in the DC area, including some notable publicly-traded companies.
accountant|Having casually wandered onstage in a theater, George is informed that one of the actors has been in an auto accident and he must replace him immediately. He doesn’t quite know why he’s being asked, but he does know that he hasn’t been to a single rehearsal of the production of Hamlet he’s starring in tonight. Or is it Private Lives? Christopher Durang’s deranged send-up of the world of the stage is a farcical comedy of errors complete with mistaken identities, misdirected affections, and purple prose, not to mention a death scene to end all death scenes.
accountant|One of his previous ventures includes LEAP in Life Business Builders, a management consultancy for SMEs. This position provided him with deep insight into the key challenges faced by consultants, sole proprietors and small businesses: how to grow the business without vast expenditure or investment. Many think it is impossible. Smit believes that with a good balance of government initiatives, private sector involvement and entrepreneurial energy there is a solution to both the entrepreneurial conundrum and the prolonged UK economic crisis.
accountant|He graduated from the University of WA with a Bachelor of Commerce, majoring in Financial Accounting, Managerial Accounting and Corporate Finance. He is pursuing a Diploma of Applied Tax Law from the Tax Institute and will achieve his Chartered Tax Advisor (CTA) qualifications in December 2018.
accountant|With over 30 years’ experience in local government, commerce and housing she is currently Finance Director at Bracknell Forest Homes. Appointed to the Ability Board in 2015, she is supporting the association’s role as a key specialist provider in a rapidly changing sector and is Chair of the Audit Finance & Risk Committee.
accountant|It was a little over three years ago when Candela first saw a television commercial that would cause him to make an important decision about how he would grow his accounting practice. What caught his attention about the TV ad was the fact that it was not directed toward him but instead toward business owners who were unhappy with their accountant and were looking to make a change. It was also the very first time Candela would hear of GoodAccountants.com, the company behind the television commercial.
accountant|While new to Warfield, Bob has over 20 years of experience in public accounting where he has worked for local CPA firms in the Akron area. He has also worked for a local manufacturing company as assistant controller and for KeyBank as a credit analyst in the dealer finance department. Bob possesses strong knowledge in the accounting, finance, and tax areas and truly enjoys working with closely held business owners and assisting clients with growing businesses.
accountant|He also holds a Bachelor degree in Business Administration and is Managing Director of Stanton Chase International Selection. Since 1998, Claudio Fernaud became partner of Stanton Chase International, representing Argentina and Uruguay for the Executive Search Division.
accountant|He earned his bachelor’s degree from University of Wisconsin-Parkside and his MBA from University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. For the last fifteen years Aaron has served in senior finance roles for several start-up companies in the pharmaceutical, medical device, and high-tech industries.
accountant|She graduated from Arizona State University with a Bachelors Degree in Accounting; and later obtained her Masters in Business Administration with a Leadership emphasis from Grand Canyon University. She has extensive experience in both the non-profit and for profit fields of accounting and finance, including auditing many local Arizona non-profits, as well as drafting financial statements, corporate finance functions and tax return preparation. Ashley is a member of the Arizona Society of CPAs and serves on a variety of committees for that organization as well as other local non-profits. Ashley spent many years of her life competing in the performing arts and attributes the discipline learned through this commitment to her successes today.
accountant|She then moved to Cable & Wireless where she spent two years in their internal audit department before moving into an investment appraisal role. Jo has taught AAT at Hillingdon College and until recently at Worcester College of Technology where she took on the role of AAT Course Co-ordinator.
accountant|She began her career in 1993 with the public accounting firm of Arthur Andersen, LLP. She later went into the private sector, working for Sea-Land Service (now Maersk Lines), a U.S.-based container shipping subsidiary of CSX Corporation. While at Sea-Land Service, Nesha specialized in Revenue Management and served as interim controller for its logistics subsidiary. She found her passion was in public accounting and in 2007 began working for a local regional firm in Charlotte, N.C. There, she successfully negotiated taxing authority audits and brought in new clients.
accountant|He can be reached at elipollock2@yahoo.com. He is available to speak to groups and teach budget creation and expense tracking on Quicken. This article was featured in Jewish Action Winter 2011.
accountant|He works closely with other senior staff members of the firm, honing his talents regarding tax and accounting matters. He can be reached at nick@pfbf.com or 207-873-1603.
filmmaker|Her most recent documentary Rebel aired as a National PBS special, won a 2014 Erik Barnouw Honorable Mention Award as best historical film in America, and is touring the U.S. Her new play 14 Freight Trains, about the first American soldier to die in Iraq, an undocumented Latino, premieres at Arena Stage in fall 2014. She grew up an undocumented "Dreamer," graduated from Harvard, is a Trustee of NALIP (the National Assoc. of Latino Independent Producers), and a WGAE (Writers Guild of America, East) member. She has won Warren, Rockefeller, George Peabody Gardner, & CPB fellowships. She has served as a visiting artist/scholar at Harvard, Tulane and Brandeis universities.
filmmaker|Originally from Chicago, he moved to San Antonio as an Americorps volunteer. He'll be named San Antonio's filmmaker of the year for RAW: natural born artists on Nov. 15. He'll head to the national competition in January. less
filmmaker|He created a documentary called Portrait, that explores exactly what it is that sets a professional photographer apart in the age of Instagram and the rise of mobile photography. Newman compares the lives and the work of these two people who are both passionate about photography, but have chosen two very different careers and mediums.
filmmaker|His work is characterized by the importance of the concept and of aesthetics along with the mixture of formats thus endowing his videos of a strong visual and conceptual identity
filmmaker|Salnave’s film about the gentrification of Harlem, called “Harlem’s Mart 125: The American Dream” won Best Documentary at the 2010 African World Documentary Film Festival. After the release of her second feature length film, an exploration of her Haitian roots called "La Belle Vie: The Good Life," the General Consulate of the Republic of Haiti in Miami honored her a Beacon of Hope and Achievement Award during International Women's Month in 2015. Salnave is also the founder of Ayiti Images, a traveling film series that features Haitian films and their directors with support from entities including the Knight Foundation and Green Family Foundation.
filmmaker|His award-winning documentary films have won critical acclaim for their witty and provocative exploration of American cultural icons and idiosyncrasies. His documentaries have been broadcast internationally and sold over 100,000 videos/DVDs.
filmmaker|He’s come a long way from shooting amateur Star Wars fan films in high school, when his love for cinematography began. Since then, he’s gone on to shoot short films, commercials, music videos, and documentaries. He is a certified Steadicam operator and has experience working with both 16mm film and HD video.He holds a bachelor's degree in Film and Media Arts from Messiah College, and also studied photography and cinematography at Temple University in Philadelphia. He currently works as a freelance cinematographer/videographer in upstate New York.
filmmaker|Shawn has worked with a variety of brands in the lifestyle, sports, and industrial markets. As a former social worker, Shawn has a passion for meaningful stories, creative problem solving, and building relationships with his clients and peers.
filmmaker|Ferreira studied Fine Art before embarking on a career as a filmmaker, stradling both the commericial and art worlds. She has been featured in Vogue Itlalia, Vogue Paris and Vogue Australia for her work starring Chloë Sevigny. Ferreira’s most recent video work features Toni Garrn in collaboration with Vestiaire Collective. Currently, she is writing and focusing on her first feature film.
filmmaker|He has directed numerous short films, several episodes of the acclaimed television series The Returned (12) and the feature films Accomplices (09) and Moka (16).
filmmaker|She is also in love with music videos, documentary, and anything in between. Her works create amazing vibes with the vibrancy of raw colors and emotions.
filmmaker|Born in Toronto, Canada, Cronenberg was inducted onto Canada’s Walk of Fame in 1999. In 2002, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada, and in 2006 he was awarded the Cannes Film Festival’s lifetime achievement award, the Carrosse d’Or; he is also an Officer in France’s Order of Arts and Letters (1990), and a Chevalier in its Legion of Honor (2009). Cronenberg’s many feature films include Stereo, Crimes of the Future, The Dead Zone, The Fly, Naked Lunch, M. Butterfly, Crash, A History of Violence, A Dangerous Method, and Cosmopolis (an adaptation of Don DeLillo’s 2003 novel). His most recent film, A Map to the Stars, starring Julianne Moore, Joan Cusack, and Robert Pattinson, opened at the New York Film Festival in Fall 2014.
filmmaker|He is also a communications consultant for Fortune 100 companies specializing in climate change and related issues and is currently a member of the Arctic Methane Emergency Group, a leading global think-tank. Riley Tsunoda
filmmaker|A graduate of Harvard College and former president of the Hasty Pudding Theatricals, he did a stint in LA before returning home and building his career in Boston and now Worcester, MA. With 12 features under his belt as director and many others as writer, editor, producer or consultant, Stimpson believes that motion pictures are the ultimate collaborative creative medium, and that the work is too difficult for it not to be fun.
filmmaker|His association with the Wancho script development project began about two years ago when he first connected with a Wancho student at the NID, Ahmedabad. Through him, he was introduced to the work of the Wancho Literary Mission. Since then Rahul has been closely involved with the Mission’s project. This grant supports him to document the work undertaken by the Wancho Literary Mission in Arunachal Pradesh towards the development and propagation of the Wancho script.
filmmaker|In 2013, her film Barefoot was recognized with a Special Mention from the Berlin International Film Festival Generation 14plus international jury and her film Wakening screened before the Opening Night Gala at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival. She is an alumnus of the National Screen Institute’s Drama Prize Program and TIFF Talent Lab.
filmmaker|He made his directorial debut with the 2007 animated feature TMNT, aka, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. In 2011, he produced and directed the horror comedy Dylan Dog: Dead of Night starring Superman Returns lead actor Brandon Routh, Constantine 's Peter Stormare and Being Human co-star Sam Huntington.
filmmaker|She has a BFA in film & video from Massachusetts College of Art and an MFA in cinema from San Francisco State University. She has taught film production courses at Georgetown for the past three years and is also the Media Technologist for the FMST program. She is responsible for overseeing the technological needs of the program.
filmmaker|He has served as second unit director on the feature film After... and also worked on the ABC/Touchstone miniseries The Pathway to 9/11. Currently he is co-writing a script for Every Tribe Entertainment and is slated to direct Operation No Living Thing, a feature film set in Sierra Leone.
filmmaker|He works in cinema, nature-based performance, and installation art. Suzuki’s art has a deep connection to place. It has been produced in Borneo, Alaska, India, Iceland, China, Nunavut, Bangladesh, Germany, and most recently for the North America Transcontinental Performance Series. He has exhibited at museums, on the streets with “guerilla-style” public art installations, at IMAX and in galleries locally and internationally.
architect|A core member of the Kyoto-based office FOBA from 1995�2005, his publications include the monograph FOBA: Buildings (New York: Princeton Architectural Press, 2005). He is a correspondent and editorial advisor for the Dutch publications Archis/Volume and Mark, architecture critic for the Tokyo-based Artscape website, and was previously on the editorial board of the Architectural Institute of Japan Journal. He is on the faculty of Kyoto Seika University, a Lecturer at Kyoto University, a Visiting Fellow at the RMIT Spatial Information Architecture Lab, and a frequent guest speaker and juror at universities throughout the world.
architect|He has been a researcher at the University of Alicante (2011-2012) and postdoctoral fellow at the CERMA laboratory (2013-2014). He has been awarded a research fellowship by the Fondation Le Corbusier (2013).Contact: ignacio.requena@crenau.archi.frHaut de page
architect|Since the excavations of 1987 he has been prominent in researching the origins of the Rose, both in 1587 and in 1592, and he is Deputy Chair of the Rose Theatre Trust. At the time of this lecture he was involved in a reconstruction of the Rose in Lennox, Massachusetts, and the lecture considered both the historical Rose and also the problems of producing a version of the building for the twenty-first century.
architect|She is a professor of architecture at the Cooper Union and has taught at Columbia, Princeton, and Yale Universities. She was a fellow at the Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies, 1971–84. She has designed and built projects at various scales for which she has won numerous awards. In 1993, she created and directed Framing the City: Film, Video, and Urban Architecture at the Whitney Museum, as part of an approach to urban discourse she developed through film. She has written, produced, and directed The Making of an Avant-Garde, and has been awarded grants from NYSCA, the Graham Foundation, and the AIA. She has published four books, and her writings have been widely included in books, encyclopedias, journals, and newspapers, while her work has been exhibited in galleries and museums.
architect|He is also an Honorary Fellow in the School of Informatics at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland. Dr. Bednar holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of Texas, along with degrees in Electrical Engineering and Philosophy. He has published more than 50 papers and books about the visual system and about software development. Dr. Bednar manages the open source Python projects HoloViews, ImaGen, Param, and Datashader. Before Continuum, Dr. Bednar was a lecturer and ressearcher in Computational Neuroscience at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland, as well as a software and hardware engineer at National Instruments. Blake Borgeson
architect|He is currently working in a Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited project and also in a European Union funded project as project manager & project technical assistant respectively. He is member of Council of Architecture since 2010.
architect|He received his Diploma of Architecture degree from the University of Darmstadt where he was an assistant professor from 1996 until 2001. He has been guest professor at the at the Staatliche Hochschule für Gestaltung in Karlsruhe (2004) and worked as a scientific fellow at the ZIT research project experimental fields for sustainable architecture in Darmstadt (2001-2004). In 2004 he earned his doctorate with a dissertation on planning methods of adaptable architecture from the University of Darmstadt. From 2005 until 2010 he was professor and director of the Studio for Sustainable Architecture at the State Academy of Art and Design in Stuttgart. Since 2010 he is professor and director of the Laboratory for Experimental Architecture, Art and Research at the University of Technology, Arts and Sciences. His work includes the Power Station Darmstadt, and the Machine Hall Darmstadt.
architect|He is a frequent speaker at many UK user groups. He is primarily interested in database internals and change management. At Red Gate he has designed and led the development of many database tools that compare schemata and enable source control for databases (SQL Compare versions 4 to 8), refactor databases (SQL Refactor) and show the history of databases by analyzing the transaction log (SQL Log Rescue). András has a PhD from Cambridge and an MSc and BSc from ELTE, Hungary. Managing change in the database world
architect|He also insists that homeowners be involved in their projects, giving them the skills and know-how to pitch in. Be sure to check out the recently completed solarium roof and shots of Phillips teaching his crew how to use power tools.
architect|Childhood memories of Highland Park and the Children's Pavilion fostered a desire to become a member of the Highland Park Conservancy and assist with their efforts to reconstruct the Pavilion. Al has been a member of the Highland Park Conservancy Board since 2015 and currently serves as Chair of the Pavilion Committee. Other volunteer activities include the Adirondack Mountain Club, where he has served as Chair, Trails Chair, & Education Co-Chair; Be The Match, where he has organized & assisted with Donor Drives; and BMT Infonet where he offers peer support in their Caring Connections Program.
architect|Whether planning an addition, complete home renovation, custom kitchen, urban loft space or below grade sports court; Alex welcomes all design challenges. He strives to find the perfect balance between aesthetics and function to suit the modern lifestyle demands of his customers.
architect|He served five years as a Project Manager and architect for UTPA after a five year tenure as City Architect for the City of McAllen. His architectural experiences are many including: the UTPA Wellness Complex (pictured), the UTPA Education Complex and the McAllen Transit Bus Station. He can be reached at jaimec.condit@live.com
architect|Before becoming interested in self-help and spirituality, she published two poetry books in France. Her book Is God Evil? is the result of more of one decade of research in the fields of psychology, self-empowerment, alternative healing techniques and modalities, New Age, and spirituality.
architect|He is also a member of The Santa Clara Valley Chapter of The American Institute of Architects and the California Council of The American Institute of Architects.
architect|He joined the firm in 2007, and has lived in Alaska for over 50 years. At WEI, he has provided clients with Contract Manager, Project Manager and Owner's Representative For Quality Acceptance services. He has extensive experience working on the facilities at the Mendenhall Glacier, Juneau Empire headquarters, UA campuses throughout Southeast, Harborview and Auke Bay elementary schools renovations, construction of Dimond Park Aquatic Center, Thunder Mountain High School, and the USFS Forestry Sciences Lab on Auke Lake, as well as CBJ capital construction projects -among many others. He often conducts pre-blast surveys, roof inspections, special inspections, and monitors pile driving.
architect|Prior to founding Worrell Yeung, Max worked in the offices of Allied Works Architecture, aplusi, and most notably as an associate at Bernheimer Architecture. Max earned a Master of Architecture degree from Yale University in 2006, and a Bachelor of Architecture degree from Oklahoma State University in 2001. He is licensed in New York State and a member of the American Institute of Architects.
architect|Previously, Chet was a senior software systems specialist at a major automobile manufacturer, where he worked on a large operational finance system that was the test bed for Extreme Programming. He was the winner of the Project Manager Game at OOPSLA'99 (although he thinks it might have been rigged).
architect|He has extensive experience as the lead designer of urban projects in Europe and Asia. His current practice incorporates urban regeneration projects in Shenzhen, large scale public projects in Hong Kong and the design of a post-industrial new town in Northern China.
architect|Bogosian holds a Master of Science from Columbia University and is currently pursuing a PhD in Media Arts & Practice in the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California. She is principal of Los Angeles based studio Somewhere Something that designs multi-scale interactive virtual and built environments.
architect|He has been trained in the use of parametric design tools, digital fabrication and bio-mimetic strategies on design. He is working on housing projects, urban public spaces and interior design and has done parallel research in the field of cardiology as a member of a research team (parametric re-design & study on Coronary artery disease) presenting a paper on the World Congress of Cardiology in Chicago 2010 (AHA) and in the National one in Athens, in the parameterization of sailing boats and sails. THEME: C - Self-fabricated urban social design
model|She was born in Berlin on September 15, 1994. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2017 and is currently ranked 11996th place. She currently has 3 gallery links in her own FreeOnes section.
model|She was born in Nottingham. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2016 and is currently ranked 17354th place. She currently has 6 gallery links in her own FreeOnes section.
model|She has appeared in Vogue Italia and graced one of the four covers of its "All Black" issue, while Naomi Campbell, Liya Kebede, and Jourdan Dunn graced the alternative ones. Lopez ... Read more >>
model|She started modelling at the end of last year and it has been a pleasure for all men to see her naughty galleries. Beautiful eyes, sweet face, big natural boobs and a hairy pussy, Riley gets to be hot even with her short hair. Porn Categories
model|She was born in Romania. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2018 and is currently ranked 28320th place. She currently has 2 gallery links in her own FreeOnes section.
model|She loves history, burlesque, rock and roll, jazz, and of course evil. Her most recent project is Star & Garter magazine, dedicated to fashion, glamour, and sleaze. Her hobbies include dancing, reading, and crafts with bottlecaps.
model|He has been modeling for the past 2years,in which he was once in Zahara models management but now a freelance model. He also started acting last year November in w... Read More
model|She was born in Long Island on May 26, 1990. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2011 and is currently ranked 1582th place. She currently has 178 gallery links and 25 videos in her own FreeOnes section.
model|Her modeling career is already full of highlights, including completed and compelling ad campaigns for Flormar’s Color Madness Collection, Bompard Paris, Mae Richards 2013, Springfield Winter’s 2013 lookboo ... MORE
model|She went from being a small town girl to one of the biggest fitness icons on the Internet. She recalled growing up with a "very rough childhood." She lived in a trailer with her alcoholic father who lived off of food stamps. Her parents divorced when she was four years old, but the domestic issues didn't end there. Her mother was desperate to keep Paige and brought her to the house of a Texas man she met online. However, it wasn't long before the local police placed Paige in the hands of her grandmother.
model|After returning to South Africa she ran a successful catering business in Cape Town with numerous high-profile media and corporate clients, including Italian Vogue, Janet Jackson, Tina Turner and Margaret Thatcher. She also worked as a freelance stylist and journalist for various South African publications, but is probably best known for her work on Pampoen tot Perlemoen, a hugely popular television cookery programme on SABC3. She is currently in demand as a demonstration chef, with acclaimed appearances at both the Cape and Gauteng Good Food Details Book
model|She appears in both Bollywood and Kollywood films and is best known for her athletic figure and her dancing abilities. The beautiful lady was Born on October 24, 1986, in Porto Alegre, Brazil to a Brazilian father and an Arabic mother she also has one elder sister. She came to India as a tourist and began working as a model. Earlier, she has faced view More
model|Her work experience includes numerous photoshoots. She loves all things fashion and takes modeling seriously. She is also looking for creative people to collaborate with. She is available for fashion and print projects. 5′5ʺ / 165cm Born 1995
model|She was born in Arizona on August 25, 1981. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2012 and is currently ranked 568th place. She currently has 188 gallery links and 28 videos in her own FreeOnes section.
model|She has appeared in South Indian films in addition to Bollywood films. Kamaiah was one of the finalists in the Femina Miss India. She has entered Bigg Boss Kannada House in a second season. She is an alumnus of Kendriya Vidyalaya Bangalore and she has completed her B.com from Bishop Cotton Women\'s Cristian College in the year 2009.Her mother is a school teacher and teaches Kannada.
model|She has also been ranked at the #13 spot amongst the Top 50 models in the world. Her flourishing career has led her to grace the covers of several top magazines like Elle, Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, and Glamour. She has more than 700k followers on Instagram, 200k plus followers on Twitter, and over 200k followers on Facebook.
model|She is tied for some bondage fun. She gets a dildo in her pussy and sucks cocks in a double blowjob. She gives one guy a hand job while she is sucking the other guys cock! She gets on top of one cock for a hard ride and gets a load of cum on her pretty face! Mimi Kousaka is a naughty Asian doll!
model|She embodies these British conservative ideals in very much the same way as her conservative predecessor, Winston Churchill. Even those who disagree with her policies can admire and emulate these qualities of independence, service, and resilience through troubled times.
model|She had a big break when she won Playboy’s 2017 Discovered & Be Discovered model search, which she entered on a whim. In an interview, Cherie described how she had never modeled before she moved to Los Angeles, and that she was shocked at winning the competition.
model|She was born in Los Angeles. She is listed on FreeOnes since 2018 and is currently ranked 11095th place. She currently has 8 gallery links in her own FreeOnes section.
chiropractor|Her average patient rating is 5.0 stars out of 5. She accepts Humana HMO, Humana Bronze, and Humana Catastrophic, in addition to other insurance carriers.
chiropractor|In addition to being licensed to provide general chiropractic care, she is also a certified chiropractic sports physician, working with athletes from multiple disciplines on specific sports-related problems. She’s also a certified acupuncturist. To learn more call 816-753-4600 or visit KansasCityChiropractic.com.
chiropractor|He also currently serves as a consultant for the Arizona Diamondbacks training staff along with other sports teams. In addition to FMS/SFMA, Jimmy is also an Active Release Techniques (ART) presenting instructor, StrongFirst Level 2 Kettlebell – Barbell – and Bodyweight Instructor, and Titleist Performance Institute Medical 3 – Fitness 3 – and Juniors 2. » Eric Lazar - FMS/SFMA Instructor
chiropractor|Dr. Rost's average rating from her patients is 5.0 stars out of 5. She takes United Healthcare Compass, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, and Blue Choice, in addition to other insurance carriers.
chiropractor|He runs the Macquarie Chiropractic Clinic. He is/was a member of the rabid anti-vaccination pressure group, the Australian Vaccination Network. He is also seen as an elder statesman of Australian chiropractic. He is a stalwart of the Chiropractors’ Association of Australia, of course.
chiropractor|As a chiropractor in San Francisco CA, he can address any back problems, sciatica, shoulder pain, headaches, sports injuries, and auto accident injuries. He uses various chiropractic techniques which he has mastered over the years of practice in his chosen field.
chiropractor|He graduated from Palmer College of Chiropractic in 2008 after completing his undergraduate studies at Gannon University in Erie, Pennsylvania. The Williamsburg Neck and Back Center is geared towards making everyone feel comfortable in a professional environment, surrounded by a caring physician and friendly faces.
chiropractor|Having treated patients of all ages with muscle and joint pain since 2016, she has gained valuable experience treating a variety of injuries including those arising from sports injuries, the workplace and motor vehicle accidents. During her studies, she maintained academic and clinical honours, and was recognized for her excellence in patient care. She is also certified in clinical acupuncture and enjoys using it as an added modality to help her patients recover from injury. In her free time Dr. Astorino enjoys spending time outdoors, cooking, and spending time with family and friends.
chiropractor|He practices in Agoura Hills, California and has the professional credentials of D.C. (Doctor of Chiropractic). The NPI Number for Dr. James Thomas Iwanoff is 1821101148 and he holds a License No. DC13558 (California).
chiropractor|In practice for over 27 years, he is dedicated to helping patients achieve the highest quality of life through healthy lifestyle choices, physical fitness and chiropractic care.
chiropractor|His personal study includes Ayurveda, energy medicine including Reiki and Qigong, hypnotherapy, trauma resolution, shamanic practices, yoga, and meditation.
chiropractor|She completed her Bachelor of Science degree with Honours at the University of Toronto, specializing in Biochemistry and Human Biology, and graduated from the Canadian Memorial Chiropractic College with Clinic Honours in 2015. Dr. Ahmed is a diversified practitioner and is also certified in Medical Acupuncture from McMaster University.
chiropractor|His average patient rating is 4.0 stars out of 5. He is an in-network provider for Coventry, Coventry Bronze, and Coventry Silver, in addition to other insurance carriers.
chiropractor|He also holds a B.S. degree in Physical Education has been a student of health and fitness for over 40 years and is presently working toward becoming an RKC. He holds a NAUI instructors rating in SCUBA and was a PRO rated skydiver and Jumpmaster with over 1,000 skydives. An enthusiastic supporter of Kettlebell training he recently hosted a kettlebell workshop for RKC, Ben Lewis that was attended by 28 of his patients and friends. He is in private practice is in Lafayette, LA. Ph.# 337- 984- 9276
chiropractor|Dr. Barbara Ellis is currently working at Martindale-Sliz Karen Dr which is located at 110 Ritchie Avenue, Ajax, ON, L1S 7G5. She provides treatment for conditions as a result of repetitive strain, tension and stress that are imposed on the joints and musculoskeletal system such as carpal tunnel syndrome, tennis elbow and tendonitis. With over 5 positive reviews from around the web, She is rated as one of the best Chiropractors in the city.
chiropractor|Ms. Brenda Ann Forrest's NPI Number is #1265696181 and has been listed in the NPI registry for 10 years. Ms. Brenda Ann Forrest's practice location is listed as: 1325 S Congress Ave Suite 105-106 Boynton Beach, FL 33426-5876 and can be reached via phone at (561) 736-8060.
chiropractor|He has been in clinical practice for 28 years and was recently voted a top Minnesota Chiropractor of 2014 by Minnesota Monthly Magazine. Find more here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5YGhcXxn68
chiropractor|Please visit his website to learn more about him:Plymouth, MA Chiropractor – Dr. Josh Koenig Wilsonville, OR Chiropractor – Dr. Dale Burt Johnston – Wilsonville Chiropractor Clinic
chiropractor|He is a Certified Maximized Living Mentor and is the co-owner of Hazeldean Family Chiropractic Clinic in Kanata, Ontario, which has won the Kanata Kourier-Standard Reader's Choice award for 2009, 2010, 2011, as well as the Ottawa West Magazine Reader's Choice Award for 2011. Rate this Article 12345 vote(s)
chiropractor|Mr. John Jason Newcom's NPI Number is #1184747636 and has been listed in the NPI registry for 10 years. Mr. John Jason Newcom's practice location is listed as: 913 South Main Street Marion, KY 42064 and can be reached via phone at (270) 965-2600.
rapper|She holds a degree in Educational Management and Policy from Nnamdi Azikiwe University and lists Nas, Lauryn Hill, Queen Latifah, DMX, and Eminem as some of the artists that have influenced her musically. QM is an OAP with Rhythm FM Awka where she anchors 3 different shows.
rapper|He has been a member of the South Park Coalition since the early 1990s, and made his debut on group leader K-Rino's 1995 album Danger Zone. He released his debut album, Gritty City, in 2004.
rapper|He is affiliated with Cloud Nice and is 1/3 of the group BAYB. http://nachopicasso.bandcamp.com/ http://nachopicasso.com/ <†> The tat in the hat. <†> Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply.
rapper|His inquisitive nature pushed him to experiment with different styles of music with different instruments from Folk to Funk, Jazz to Math Rock. At the age of fifteen he got his hands on Music Production, that’s when he was introduced to the world of Hip-Hop. Staying true in his roots and believing in a deep connection with Indian Classical and folk music he spits his rhymes with Konnokol and Assamese folk phrases.
rapper|Former member of Alicia Keys Management Team, now he is on his own road to stardom. To see more about Mike Millz and see the layout in full form, please visit: http://www.myspace.com/mikemillz22 **WARNING: PARENTAL ADVISORY - EXPLICIT… Continue
rapper|He has got the birth name of Rashard Chuckee Ballard and during his childhood he grew up in the housing projects which was called Third Ward Calliope Projects. The part of the town was a rough part and was hard to live in. Rashard celebrates his birthday on the 1st of October as he was born on the date in the year of 1996. From his childhood he wanted to pursue his career in rapping as he had the gift of the quality and also in dancing. In his school years he was one of the great students in his school and he wanted to be a rapper.
rapper|Now he's out with another one which dropped on December 24th under Interference Entertainment. The album is titled "Selfmade Mixtape Volume 1" and includes guest appearances by Roach Gigz, Lil Chris, Sly Stoner, Pac B, Boov5000, Rockin Rolla, Dre Mack and J Has. Cop the cd in digitals on CD Baby and Amazon. Also be sure to visit Young Curt on his official website and get at him on Facebook. Tracklist: (show tracklist)
rapper|He is a member of The Project Playaz. He has sold over 600,000 records to date. His Street Ways album reached number 97 on the Billboard R&B Albums Chart.
rapper|The popularity of the tuy nhiên earned him a record deal with Def Jam later that year, making him and 2 Chainz labelmates. Sadly, he was never able to release his debut album, and was subsequently dropped in 2014.
rapper|Though he's been rapping for years, he is only now trying to present his work to the general public. His music touches on many personal subjects and the current ails of the “Google generation.” He has performed at multiple venues in the New York City area and some notable spots such as Koconuts Lounge, Union Hall, The Yippie, and The Nuyorican. He is currently trying to get the word out about his next project that he is releasing on January 25th, 2012. This will be his second official release and the beginning of a very eventful year."
rapper|Paul combines all the great elements of East Coast, West Coast, and Dirty South Rap to create a sound that is unique and relevant to Hip Hop. He makes party music that keeps the crowd dancing in the club but also makes records about serious topics such as relationships, domestic violence, and world events. Paul writes his own lyrics, makes his own beats from scratch without sampling, produces, mixes, and masters all his music. Paul’s debut album TERRABITE was released through his music production company Paul Terra Music Group and is available at paulterra.com and all major online music retailers. Read more...
rapper|Bryant Dope is an MCs MC, blending intelligent and lyrically sound lines, and his own unique style to create something timelessly new. He has a couple mixtapes out including The Chronicles of Dope and Queens Kids, both of which have been securing critical acclaim. Dope is posed to leave a mark... read full bio
rapper|He started off as part of a hip-hop crew called “Leaders Of The New School” and today he is signed to Cash Money Records, a label that Lil’ Wayne is heavily involved in. This month Busta Rhymes has released a 20-minute long documentary presented by Google Play called “Life & Rhymes.” This documentary was released in conjunction with Busta’s album called “Year of the Dragon,” which was released free exclusively to Google Play. The documentary gives a bit of history behind Busta and the break-up of the “Leaders Of The New School.” Check out the documentary below:
rapper|He has also released several singles, including "Computers" which was featured on GS9's Shmoney Shmurda (Shmixtape). In October , he. Computers. Original Mix. $ Release. $ Length ; Released ; BPM ; Key D♯ min; Genre Hip-Hop / R&B; Label Epic/GS9. 11 Aug GS9's Rowdy Rebel & Bobby Shmurda Drop “Computers” Video. Watch the latest GS9 video featuring Rowdy and Bobby busting guns, busting.
rapper|He has also gone by the names L-Burna and The #1 Assassin. He is the younger brother of fellow group member Flesh-N-Bone & cousin of group member Wish Bone. He is also a member of the rap group Bone Brothers and CEO of the record label Harmony Howse Entertainment.
rapper|Bam Bam is coming to Hobart as a headline act for the first time. His tour is presented by Ten to Two Records, Heads Down, Thumbs Up, and Select Media. This is what else press release blurb says: “Following the success of his first single ‘Bags Packed’ Bam Bam is proud to be heading off on another national tour, this time as the headliner. With years of festival performances under his belt fans across Australia are set for an unforgettable experience.” Friday November 15 at Hotel New York in Launceston, and Saturday November 16 at The Homestead in Hobart. Tickets are available now from the venues, Ruffcut, www.oztix.com.au and www. moshtix.com.au.
rapper|The question is, why? Well, their purpose is basically one: They want to spread the whole El Sicario's jokes not only in last.fm but also in every place in the world, obviously through 4chan, and laugh infinitely at the fact that they did all this thing without any single purpose. The end. will ketchup, will ketchup, will ketchup, will ketchup, will ketchup, will ketchup, will ketchup, will ketchup, More info: http://www.lastfm.es/group/Keep+Stats+Clean+-+feat.+El+Sicario Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
rapper|His world-weary delivery is reminiscent of Max B or Young Scooter, while his production occupies a post-cloud rap zone, incorporating some buzzing synths that wouldn't be out of place on an EDM record.
rapper|His latest mixtape The Opening Act is flat out great. He keeps delivering solid tracks throughout the whole mixtape. All of his songs feature skilled lyrics and a catchy choruses over his original instrumentals. The whole mixtape flows really well.
rapper|Prior to his career, he had been involved in several drive by shootings against rival Crips members. After beating 2 murder charges, Holla decided to focus on rap instead of gangbanging. He ends every round with either "Ball game", "yett yett", or both. Hitman's style is notable for his aggressive delivery, and uses of techniques such as remixing his bars.
dj|He makes up half of the electropop duo known as Aarhus and is the co-founder of Dinosaur Hotpot Records. Currently, he is releasing singles under Ternary Recordings and Nuit Blanche Musique. His music explores different sounds within the electronic genre.
dj|The Incoming further solidifies Cuttin&apos; Headz’s reputation as a home for the distinctive New York house sound that the Martinez Brothers have continually championed.
dj|He's also know as CHOSN aka DJ L. Rock. With his individually adapted music mix, he's ensuring the best mood on his dance floors across Europe at hip and exclusive events.
dj|His style is unique and can be described as pop house with a blend of jazz, funk and soul which really can't be categorized. He's toured with Lupe Fiasco, collaborated with Perseus, and is part of Anjunadeep.
dj|He had a #1 hit in the UK, Australia and other countries with the hit single, Groovejet, featuring Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released in 2000. Groovejet sold over two million copies and was the first song to be played on an iPod.
dj|In addition, she hosts a show on XFM in the UK. She began her radio career in Boston at WFNX while simultaneously working for legendary concert promoter Don Law.
dj|As the daughter of a guitarist and a record collector, she was brought up surrounded by music. After going to her first rave and hearing a Josh Wink set, she started buying vinyls with intent to DJ. When she moved from Texas to New York in 2001, she spent her days working at an East Village record store while her nights were spent in the then-emerging new disco and house scenes. NYC dive bars are where she both trained herself as a DJ and captured the spirit of an era that will always be remembered as enchanting and vibrant.
dj|Internationally, he has played at venues including a Belgrade shopping centre, former army barracks and air raid shelters in Ljubljana and the House of World Cultures in Berlin. He is a founder of the Klub V.E.B. collective, a member of the groups Sz. Berlin and The Party Machine and a techno reviewer for Trebuchet magazine. He plays an experimental and uncompromising blend of extreme electronics, setting up risky encounters between brutalist techno, industrial, gabber, EBM, soundtracks, samples and avant-garde elements.
dj|He began his career with releases like “Theme O”, “Milky Way” and “Ready or Not”. The Future House artist had previously been doing remixes before venturing into original music.
dj|It’s a fun gig, he says, because the station broadcasts across the Mekong River to Vientiane, the tiny capital of the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, which gives him the chance to take requests from listeners in two countries. Last year, listeners started calling more than usual, but not to ask for the folk songs Sathian likes to play. They wanted to know what he thought of reports that a Thai company was planning to build a $3.5 billion dam a few hundred kilometers upstream on the Lao-Thai border in a remote and impoverished mountain area.
dj|He is resident at Mutate Events and produces under the name Unthink, which is also the name of the design studios he runs with Noelle Cooper and Philip Farmer. He’s one half of Dirkenbauer, a collaboration with Dirk Heynen (aka SOUL Scent/Billious Fog). As designer he’s created sleeves for all City Records and posters for subject and District 8.
dj|He began DJing during his college years at the University of Central Florida, and held various residencies and promoted at local clubs in Orlando, Florida. After graduating, he moved to Los Angeles to focus on music production. Henry has since released on record labels such as Spinnin, Revealed, OWSLA, Mad Decent, Dim Mak and in 2015 started his own imprint Banzai Recs. He is known for infusing styles such as reggae/dancehall and Melbourne Bounce into high-energy EDM tracks. Standout songs include “Scream,” “Encore,” “Stand Up,” “Wine Dem,” “Bust Dem” and “Ass Up.” He has performed at Ultra, Songkran, Remembrance and other major EDM festivals. With influences rooted in the early stages of the last electro wave (MSTRKRFT, Justice, Crookers, Fake Blood and early Dim Mak), and mid-’90s hip-hop, he’s developed a DJ style that has been characterized as club-friendly with flawless transitions and inspired mashups.
dj|He got his start on the house party circuit, and then on the airwaves at Temple University where he earned his degree in Broadcasting. He found Lovesick after spending a few years in another corner of the wedding industry, giving him a well-rounded perspective on what makes a cool event. When not spinning, Geoff can be found on the dance floor at the Dolphin Tavern, sipping a beer at Morgan’s Pier, or having a bite at one of East Passyunk’s local eateries.
dj|In 2005 he started his DJ Career and over the years he found his style in music Progressive House and Tech house, playing big room style tracks throughout the years Chris has learned to work the crowd to get the dance floors rocking setting the right tone for his DJ sets. Always interested in music production he turned his hand to making his own tracks in 2007 with FL Studio, then as the years went on he changed to Ableton & Cubase where he was able to get the right sound and skills from these programs.
dj|All he needs is recognition. Mikes progress so far is coming on strong with his often Mashups, Edits and his Podcast &apos;Infected House Sessions&apos;.
dj|He is known for his monthly tea dance at The Monster, Below Tea, with Robin Byrd. He specializes in disco and house, and DJs in downtown NYC and on Fire Island all summer long. Read more about Below Tea here.
dj|He is especially known for a progressive house style that blends deep and lyrical sounds, with classical piano. He has been privileged to receive regular radio support over the last few years by many the world’s leading DJ’s, including: Armin van Buuren, Above & Beyond, Myon & Shane 54, Gareth Emery, Andy Moor, and Max Graham. With over 150 production credits on Beatport, Shingo has signed his music to several leading international labels, such as: Anjunadeep, Silk Music, and Otographic Music.
dj|Relatively young in the game with his debut release in 2012 via 5 and Dime Recordings, He has since then accumulated releases on Kolour Recordings, Goldmin Music, Luvbug, Sequential Records, DeepWit, Deep Site, Oversized X Records – with his vibe directed toward “Deep House, Disco and anything soulful!”
dj|She often hosts and emcees various traditional events, opening ceremonies, product launches and also weddings. She is a part-time lecturer at ITE College Central; conducting her pilot-self designed module on Radio Communications. Aside from that, she is also an English Linguistic trainer with Tropics Language School; a school which specialises in conversational and Business English. She participates actively in Singapore’s education syllabus and is also an Ad-hoc English teacher for lower and upper primary schoolers with Adam Khoo Learning Centre.
dj|He loves hip hop, marijuana, and crayons. He didn't go to college because "that shit is for beginners." He often falls asleep wearing headphones and is mad sore in the morning. Gas Monk rolls with the Digital Monk Soundsystem - a record label/art crew based in Boston. Get familiar!
comedian|He moved to NYC in 2008 and has studied sketch and improv with the likes of Rick Andrews, Russ Armstrong, Anthony Atamaniuk, Alan Fessenden, Shannon O'Neill, Peter McNerney, Beth Newell, Julie Klausner, Nick Kanellis, Joe Wengert, and Zach Woods.
comedian|She’s a staple of Laugh Boston, Nick’s Comedy Stop, and The Rockwell, among other venues. Tricia combines soul-baring anecdotes about living single, sexual misadventures, and her unconventional upbringing with an articulate irreverence that wouldn’t be out of place in a Chelsea Handler or Whitney Cummings special. She’s been producing a showcase every first Thursday at Club Cafe for two years.
comedian|Josh started working on his comedy in college while attending Texas A&M. By 2008, a good amount of his one liners were featured and published on Collegehumor.com’s frontpage, providing him additional visibility and appeared in their original series’, “Hardly Working” and “Jake & Amir.” Later on, he appeared in the web-series “Broad City” and TV Land’s “The Jim Gaffigan Show.”
comedian|He has come to terms with the fact his entire existence is one cosmic joke, but is trying to figure out if that’s because he is a pathetic millennial or if Zeus genuinely cursed him in a past life.
comedian|Winner of the Salt Lake Comedy Festival and the 5 Monkeys Comedy Competition, Abi has earned a reputation as one of the most clever and creative rising comedic voices today. Combining sharp wit, absurd surrealism, and disarming charm, Abi connects with audiences by using her dry and unexpected observations as a gentle challenge to think a little differently. A regular at the Wiseguys comedy clubs in Salt Lake City and Ogden, she has also been featured in the Rocky Mountain Laugh Off, The She Devil Comedy Festival, Chicago Women’s Funny Festival, and the Laughing Derby. Abi has been seen on Peculiar People, LaughsTV, and Who’s Laughing now? Abi has performed in venues all over the nation and been a guest on the Bob and Tom show. Abi currently resides in Salt Lake City, Utah with her husband, her baby, Israel, and her dog, Palestine. Surprisingly, they all get along.
comedian|He is bilingual in English and Welsh and has performed in both languages. James began his comedy career in 2005. He won the Best Comedy prize at the National Student Radio Awards in 2006. James supported Rhod Gilbert on his national tour Rhod Gilbert and the Award-Winning Mince Pie.
comedian|Like other good comics before him, he knows how to make life sound funny. He is definitely a recognizable face in Boston, having performed at the Boston Comedy Festival. Crohn is currently a regular at Dick’s Beantown Comedy Vault, with nary a month going by without an appearance by the affable funny man.
comedian|And yeah, some people are gonna be pissed at the fact that Lesnar shot the bird to the fans or discussed the joys of Coors Light or performing a horseshoe-ectomy or having sex with his wife, even though he later apologized for it but honestly, screw them. Sunday, July 12, This is the guy that got fed up with WWE. So, Brock wins and retains his indestructible credibility.
comedian|He is a graduate of Jill Edwards' Comedy workshop and performed his first gig in November 2006. He has won several awards, including Leicester Mercury Comedian of the Year and Chortle Best Newcomer. Walsh has supported Stephen K. Amos on his 2009 and 2009/10 tours entitled Find the Funny and The Feelgood Factor respectively, as well as the 2010 Reading and Leeds Festival. He is the resident compere at Komedia's Comic Boom, Brighton every last Thursday of the month.
comedian|He has been a featured performer on Def Comedy Jam that airs on HBO, Stand-Up Spotlight that airs on VH1, and Evening at the Improv that airs on A&E. He was invited to perform in Rodney Dangerfield’s special that aired on HBO. David wrote episodes for television shows like Malcolm & Eddie and Roseanne. He is the author of the book ManOpause. He is the mastermind behind a comic special called OCH – Old Comics Home.
comedian|Matt was raised in New England and is now a programmer in Silicon Valley. It’s not as glamorous as it sounds. His sharp wit and clever observations have kept audiences laughing all over the Bay Area. He regularly performs at The Purple Onion in San Francisco and can also be seen at Rooster T Feathers and the San Jose Improv. Matt was a finalist in the 2011 Battle of the Bay Comedy Competition in San Jose. He doesn’t like writing about himself, though that’s just what someone who likes writing about himself would say…
comedian|He was a regular co-anchor on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. He then moved onto one of his most memorable roles in the t.v. show The Office, where he won several awards. Since then he was performed in many films such as Crazy, Stupid Love and Anchorman.
comedian|His style of rapid fire one liners has gained the attention of many in the comedy business. Tony was the runner-up in the 2016 NYC COMEDY CONTEST at Broadway Comedy Club and is teamed up with Herron Entertainment, LLC for his first NYC Headlining event.
comedian|Having only started on the circuit in 2016, her anecdotal material and self-deprecating charm have quickly won her praise up and down the country. She is a comedian who leaves the audience belly laughing, giving standing ovations, throwing roses onstage, naming their babies after her – but most importantly, she is a comedian who never exaggerates.
comedian|She performs in clubs and venues all around the city, including the Broadway Comedy Club, Eastville Comedy Club, and hip joints in hip parts of Brooklyn where she could never afford to live. Madelein got her start in comedy in Rochester NY, where she won a few comedy competitions and performed regularly at the local comedy club. For two years, she ran a monthly all female show entitled “Rage Against the Vageen”.
comedian|Jeff brings to many church-based events, traveling as a comedian and also a promoter of good virtue and charities. He is an attractive option for comedy relief to consider booking at any event. Jeff Allen is a comedian who has performed for a multitude of churches and other events. His comedy routine is centered around marriage and teenagers. He has written many books, made significant appearances entertaining the troops, president’s inauguration, films, and he has a collection of recordings. Jeff Allen’s has been doing comedy for 30 years. He is married with two children. The comedy of Jeff Allen is the perfect Women’s Ministry Outreach Entertainment.
comedian|He is most well known for his TV and radio presenting, along with his acting performances as PC Andy in Torchwood. In his comedy career, Tom Price was a finalist in…
comedian|He graduated from Purdue University with a degree in Agricultural Economics and has since studied comedy writing and improvisation at the prestigious Second City, Chicago. Damian combines his farm background and knowledge, with a brilliant sense of comedic timing. The result is a funny, relevant, and uplifting presentation that resonates with today’s Ag professional. His funny stories and witty observations connect with the HEART of Agriculture – its people! Damian’s Humor for the Heart of Agriculture is a REAL crowd pleaser. Damian is also a member of the Indiana Farm Bureau.
comedian|She’s able to be fierce, dirty, and challenging, while still coming across as a sweet small-town girl from Idaho. It doesn’t matter if she’s talking about President Donald Trump or vagina puppets, Arnold’s good nature always shines through. It’s how she’s able to pull off tricks like keeping an audience in a traditionally conservative state laughing while talking about receiving death threats on Twitter—or being impressed by the size of her autistic son’s penis.
comedian|She has performed in Los Angeles, Athens and all over the UK, is a regular at the Edinburgh Festival, runs and performs at three weekly comedy nights in central London, and is about to take "Feta With The Queen" to the Melbourne International Comedy Festival. She does stand-up in both English and Greek (though preferably not at the same time) and her Greek solo show had a very successful run in Athens last year and has sold out whenever it's been performed in London. She also performed at TEDx Thessaloniki in May 2012, was interviewed by various international TV and radio stations during the Greek elections in May and June 2012 and appeared on BBC 1's "This Week" to discuss the Greek crisis.
paralegal|She graduated from American University with a B.A. in Justice (2008), and a M.S. in Justice, Law, & Society: Public Policy (2009). Cupelo is a longtime fiction writer, proud to be published with BleakHouse Publishing in their literary magazines, Tacenda Literary Magazine and BleakHouse Review, as well as their short story collection, Lethal Rejection: Stories on Crime and Punishment. She has won the Tacenda Literary Award for Best Poem (2008) and Best Short Story (2011), and is honored to be a BleakHouse Publishing Consulting Editor as of Spring 2015. Cupelo is currently completing her first independent novel.
paralegal|Esther has developed her skill and efficiency while working in the tax law arena. Her background also includes insurance defence and criminal law. Esther’s approach is client-driven. She goes above and beyond to ensure that all matters are handled in a timely, efficient, and clear manner.
paralegal|She has extensive trial experience (jury and non-jury) in litigation matters, including commercial litigation, construction and employment law and assists in the preparation of pleadings, appellate briefs and legal memorandums. In her role of implementing electronic discovery practices and procedures within the firm, Kristen consults with attorneys and clients on the development and implementation of preservation plans, discovery plans, document collection, review and production, and overall discovery strategies. She conducts client interviews to assess corporate information technology infrastructure and storage practices.
paralegal|Her expertise includes business entity formation, closing coordination, assistance with corporate finance and governance, and mergers and acquisitions. Ms. Sakaue joined Goodwin in 2015.
paralegal|In addition, Ms. Baker holds the Certified Legal Assistant Specialist (CLAS) designation from the National Association of Legal Assistants, Inc. (NALA).
paralegal|She currently serves as a Corporate Associate at Business Licenses LLC where she oversees the licensing of various companies across the United States. She takes pride in her client centered service and in executing timely licensing strategies.
paralegal|Joining the firm soon after it was formed, Amy was instrumental in shaping the administrative side of the firm and continues to be a crucial part of the team. In addition to functioning as a senior paralegal, she handles several key aspects of the firm’s administration as well as manages the 20,000 sq. feet building owned by the firm’s owners. In her spare time, Amy enjoys party planning and attending Atlanta United soccer games with her husband. Her interest in serving on the advisory board stems from her creative talents and ability to assist the GLA in planning events for their fundraising efforts.
paralegal|Her principal area of practice is products liability litigation. Sheila assists in many aspects of the of the litigation process including the development of documents and matierals to assist attorneys in preparing for depositions and trials. Sheila also assists in medical investigations and has experience withi database management. Sheila has over 20 years of experience in the legal field.
paralegal|Ms. Tung was born in Edmonton and has lived in Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario. Ms. Tung is a graduate of Simon Fraser University, holding a Bachelor of Business Administration, majoring in Marketing. She also holds a Diploma in Paralegal Studies at Seneca College of Applied Arts & Technology.
paralegal|Kristin began her legal career over 30 years ago and has managed hundreds of litigation files in all areas, including construction, complex commercial and business litigation, personal injury and product liability. She handles cases involving breach of contract and lien/bond/payment claims from inception to completion, including pleadings, correspondence, legal research, investigation and discovery, as well as preparing witnesses and exhibits for mediation, arbitration and trial. Services
paralegal|She received her bachelor’s degree from Randolph-Macon College in Virginia where she was active on campus as a Resident Assistant and President of the Panhellenic Council. Katherine received her Paralegal Certificate from the University of San Diego.
paralegal|Prior to joining the firm, Jennifer lived in Florida and graduated from college with an A.S. degree in Legal Studies. She has worked in the legal field for the past 10 years. In her free time, she loves gardening, traveling and spending time with her 6 dogs.
paralegal|She has more than 20 years of estate planning, probate and estate administration experience. Jill assists Stark & Knoll’s attorneys and clients in all aspect of the estate planning, probate, and estate administration process.
paralegal|Monica strives to build strong relationships with each client to give a personalized experience to their representation. Born and raised in Denver, Monica attended the University of Northern Colorado where she received her Bachelor’s degree in Business Management. On her days off, she enjoys the many advantages to living in Colorado including the mountains and the diverse music scene. Her favorite color is red and her Chihuahua, King Lou, is her biggest fan.
paralegal|As the Senior Paralegal she works with clients, maintains client files, conducts training seminars, establishes legal protocols and assists other paralegals/assistants with their duties.
paralegal|She is involved in all aspects of the firm's real estate practice, including acquisitions, dispositions, leasing and financing of commercial real estate. Marilyn has extensive experience in preparing and reviewing purchase agreements, loan documents, leases, easement agreements, estoppel certificates and subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreements. She also reviews title and survey matters affecting commercial real estate.
paralegal|During her tenure, her position has evolved from that of administrative assistant to the firm’s founding partner, Borden Taylor, to that of a paralegal.
paralegal|She is responsible for preparing and editing legal documents, researching and reviewing company documents, electronically filing and serving court pleadings, preparing proofs of claim, and helping to prepare the attorneys for court hearings and client meetings.</p>
paralegal|She graduated cum laude with a Bachelor’s of Science in Paralegal Studies from Stevenson University. Amanda also graduated from Westminster High School as a member of the National Honor Society. While a student at Stevenson University, Amanda received the Provident Bank Pride of Maryland Scholarship. She is a member of Kappa Theta Epsilon (Cooperative Education Honor Society) and a member of Sigma Alpha Pi (National Society of Leadership & Success). Prior to joining Frankel Sims Law in 2014, Amanda worked as a paralegal for several Baltimore area law firms.
paralegal|She has extensive trial, post-judgment and homeowner association assessment collection experience. Real estate litigation areas include commercial contracts, corporate, limited liability company and partnership disputes, commercial and mortgage banking, foreclosure, fraud, commercial and residential construction disputes, real estate brokerage disputes, seller and broker misrepresentation and non-disclosure, title insurance, escrow disputes, adjoining landowner and boundary disputes, unlawful detainer, landlord/tenant disputes, Mechanic's Lien and secured creditor's rights.
interior_designer|Peti holds a degree from the New York School of Interior Design, and began her career working with top interior design firms including Cullman & Kravis Associates, Inc., Huniford Design Studio and iCrave. Her designs have been featured in Architectural Digest, Wall Street Journal, Apartment Therapy, NYC&G, (where she was profiled as a “Rising Star,”) Decorilla, and One Coast Magazine. She was selected as a finalist for both New Trad Designer by Traditional Home, and Innovation in Design 2016 by NYC&G.
interior_designer|She offers her clients and readers an accessible taste of top design along with services that exceed spatial goals. She will be partnering up with one lucky Miller & Smith homebuyer* to offer them a custom design plan for their new home.
interior_designer|She is also the owner of Second Wind Design, an interior design business providing space analysis, color consultations, and visual coordination as well as full design services to complete any size project. She will be working closely with One Stop Home repair and their customers on projects. Jennifer has over 30 years of experience in the interior design field. She earned her Bachelors degree in Interior Design at Purdue University.
interior_designer|She arouses emotions and joy for the living spaces. Concept, planning, consultation – as a designer and expert she knows what this means. Choosing effects, textures, tones, colors, forms, fragrances and temperatures she develops together the atmosphere […]
interior_designer|Drawing his talent from the Parisian influences, as well as the study of arts and interior architecture, James’ eye for all things natural and beautiful is resembled in each of his projects. Each work is imbued with life and vision and creates a deep emotional chord for his clients, says James.
interior_designer|Sophie is interested in new energy saving trends. She works with other professionals in order to improve green homes. She wrote this article in collaboration with guys from Permanent Plumbing Solution.
interior_designer|Frederike’s work has been featured in Traditional Home, and Style Magazines. For the Claire Marie Foundation, there is a special bond as she was the first to inspire Claire to consider the world of interior design.
interior_designer|After establishing the theory of relativity as a founding principle of modern physics, Albert Einstein turned his thoughts to higher matters: home appliances. In 1926.Find 1 listings related to Einstein Design in Findlay on YP.com. See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for Einstein Design locations in Findlay, OH.
interior_designer|She and her husband made the move to Montana to be closer to family and the mountains. Devin gained experience at a sustainable design-build firm in Minneapolis, and more recently she was working within the furniture side of design. Devin’s mission is to create interiors that uniquely embody the client’s personality; while incorporating unique fabrics, finishes, and materials.
interior_designer|A specialist in art history, color, and space planning, she creates sumptuous, richly detailed interiors that many refer to as having “The Perla Lichi Look.” Clients include doctors, lawyers, entrepreneurs and business people, well-known figures in the world of sports and entertainment, and royalty.
interior_designer|Feel free to contact her at 343-7711 ext 227, email her at HYPERLINK “mailto:klewis@carpetcolourcentre.com” klewis@carpetcolourcentre.com or join her facebook group called “Ask a Designer”
interior_designer|She works for a well known firm – “FindMeAPad”. She has a professional background in design and loves to work with colours, patterns and furniture. She is also an adrenaline junkie and spends most of her free time reading novels. General
interior_designer|Her interest in interior design was peaked while working with her parents on one of their many home renovation projects, including her childhood home. She initially had plans of being a teacher, but dropped out after studying abroad. Then, she went back to school a year later with a completely different focus.
interior_designer|She has over ten years of experience in interior design and holds a Masters of Arts in interior design from Iowa State University. As a former industrial engineer (aka efficiency expert), her primary passion is optimizing space plans for kitchens and bathrooms. She loves analyzing both existing rooms and new construction plans to create efficient, functional, and beautifully designed spaces.
interior_designer|She gave a train running on the Madhya Pradesh route a luxury makeover inside-out, infusing her designs with motifs and inspiration from the traditional art and culture of the region. #MadeToCreate
interior_designer|She previously worked for The Beck Group, Dallas, TX, where her projects ranged from health care to corporate and education. She graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Design – Interior Design from the University of Nebraska, USA, in 2012.
interior_designer|Originally based in London, Vanessa cut her design teeth at the award winning Helen Green Design studios before establishing herself as Lead Designer at 'The Studio', Harrods’ exclusive in-house creative design department.
interior_designer|Sacrificing nothing in the way of aesthetics, quality or the environment, LaPlante has presented her clients with everything from Victorian to ultra-modern. view larger map
interior_designer|One of the few select certified color consultants in the country, her unique style can be seen in commercial and residential venues across California and abroad. Projects range from forecasting colors for large branding companies & complex architectural communities to designing retail establishments, modern urban lofts, and even large-scale luxury homes.
interior_designer|His most prolific achievement has been his bold usage of tiles as an integral part of interior design, and is responsible for bringing about awareness regarding the benefits of using tiles. Click to know more about Tiles and Amtico flooring. This entry was posted in Flooring and tagged Aaron Ace, Amtico Floorings.
